He wasn't home alone, apparently.
The St. Louis plant had to close. It would die of old age. Workers had been making cars there since the onset of mass automotive production in the 1920s.
WSU's plans quickly became a hot topic on local online sites. Though most people applauded plans for the new biomedical center, many deplored the potential loss of the building.
The Alaimo Group of Mount Holly was up for a contract last fall to evaluate and suggest improvements to Trenton Water Works. But campaign finance records released this week show the two employees donated a total of $4,500 to the political action committee (PAC) Partners for Progress in early June. Partners for Progress reported it gave more than $10,000 in both direct and in-kind contributions to Mayor Tony Mack in the two weeks leading up to his victory in the mayoral runoff election June 15.
And when it's often difficult to predict a law's impact, legislators should think twice before carrying any bill. Is it absolutely necessary? Is it an issue serious enough to merit their attention? Will it definitely not make the situation worse?
There was a certain amount of scoffing going around a few years ago when the NFL decided to move the draft from the weekend to prime time -- eventually splitting off the first round to a separate day.
14915 Charlevoix, Detroit
"It<92>s just another in a long line of failed attempts to subsidize Atlantic City," said Americans for Prosperity New Jersey Director Steve Lonegan, a conservative who lost to Christie in the 2009 GOP primary. "The Revel Casino hit the jackpot here at government expense."
But time and again in the report, Sullivan called on CPS to correct problems to improve employee accountability, saying, for example, that measures to keep employees from submitting fraudulent invoices or to block employees from accessing inappropriate websites were not in place.
<U+0093>I was just trying to hit it hard someplace,<U+0094> said Rizzo, who hit the pitch to the opposite field in left-center. <U+0093>I<U+0092>m just up there trying to make good contact.<U+0094>
MHTA President and CEO Margaret Anderson Kelliher said construction would likely begin soon on a suite of offices on the building's fourth floor near the historic trading floor.
"The absurdity of attempting to bottle up news of such magnitude was too apparent," he would later write.
GM labor relations vice president Diana Tremblay said the deal "will enable GM to be fully competitive and has eliminated the gap with our competitors."
Here is why Wandry matters. Our current system imposes a gift tax of up to 35% when taxpayers give assets away, with exceptions. Individuals now get one $5.12 million lifetime exemption, and they can also give up to $13,000 of assets a year to an unlimited number of recipients. (Next year the lifetime break is scheduled to drop to $1 million and the top rate to rise to 55%.)
"Cheap," he said. "He hit me hard enough for me to really feel it." And then Batum rose to his feet, squared his elbows up and performed his best elbow-throwing impression of the Suns 6-foot-10 forward.
Andrade's children, Erin and son Patrick, are adults, and he said he was intrigued by the opportunity to play a mentoring role in the life of a high school student.
"Let your hair down; it looks better."
Born on April 15, 1925 in Pozzuoli, Naples, Italy she resided in North Plainfield since her marriage in 1945.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other top Democrats had called for Weiner's resignation.
The first is the love of self and the second, the love of money. Two Greek words, philautos and philargyros, succinctly express these concepts. Both, I detect, lie at the root of the world's problems. Certainly, this diagnosis is not novel. Why then are these destructive personality traits chronic in the human experience? Further, why are people who possess these attributes permitted to run rampant through communities and societies to the detriment of the greater population? The Protester seeks to curb the second phenomenon.
-- Also consider: 2004 Wyndham Bin 444 South Eastern Australia Cabernet Sauvignon ($11)
Added East Orange Mayor Robert Bowser: "We will not tolerate this kind of violence. ... The shooter picked the wrong city. He will be apprehended."
"Looking back on it now, I realize that if I would have stayed there, it would have gotten worse and I wouldn't be where I am now."
Others are afraid that if they have already had breast cancer, a mammogram could spread new cancer to the other breast, she said. Again, not true.
If Mr. Buffett has a guilty conscience, he can increase donations to charity or simply pay more in taxes. But suggesting we raise the taxes on the wealthy will lead to more problems than it solves.
If you're in the market for gently used, high-quality furniture, you'll want to check out ReDesign Home Consignment in Royal Oak. The other day, a lovely and traditional Thomasville dining table with eight chairs was less than $1,200.
Today's birthday (May 9): You have amazing powers of visualization. You'll paint your ideal world in words and images and then take steps to make it real.
I liked theCareerBuilder.comad with the harried office worker and the chimpanzees. And I'm a sucker for the e-Trade babies, although this one yesterday wasn't as edgy and fun as the first two incarnations. And the Bud Light rescue dog Weego was OK, although it went on too long.
BL <96> Knight 9.
The conference is reportedly working toward a new television deal with ESPN, and Neinas was pushing members to agree to a longterm grant of media rights to the league that would make it all but impossible for schools to bolt.
Not just by the one who's left at home, wondering whose number that is on your cellphone and where you got those grass stains on your shirt collar, but also by the third party who can reject your advances to go with another suitor.
Though Maryland is the wealthiest state in the country, all Maryland's children are not equal. Maryland is not exempt from the conditions that allowed the Trayvon Martin tragedy to occur. Our battle for equity for all of our children is not just against individuals, it is against established systems and institutions. Child-wellbeing indicators show disparities from infancy to adulthood. See Advocates for Children and Youth at http://www.acy.org for more information. There are health disparities in infant mortality and low-birthweight babies. There are educational disparities in academic achievement and disparate administering of school discipline policies such as suspensions, expulsions, and school-based arrests. There are child welfare system disparities that show children of color being removed from home at higher rates than their white counterparts. There are juvenile justice system disparities at every stage from arrest to placement to youth being tried as adults.
It isn<92>t a question of whether the school wants the former Florida and Utah coach. It<92>s a question of whether he wants the school. Why would he step into this cesspool when he can have his pick of jobs?
Barrett acknowledges now that he might have been too brusque at times.
In other trading:
It is easy to check on whether a parent attends a conference with a teacher or performs volunteer hours at school. But a parent's most valuable contribution typically occurs elsewhere -- in ensuring homework gets done and in making it clear to their children that school is important.
Greg Roberts, Ancora's acting director, said the state is attempting to improve security, leadership, staffing and patient care, but he stressed: "It is going to take time. We are literally starting with basics. It will take a year-plus to get some sustainable changes."
At Fontbonne University, Study Abroad director, Gail Schafers, conceded that most students interested in study abroad opportunities were choosing summer and short term travel programs that last between three and four weeks. To conduct these programs, Fontbonne partners with a consortium of other private universities.
Drage Vukcevich
"Be quick, but don't hurry."
In light of Alex Gonzalez's 413-foot homer on his previous at-bat, Lohse didn't seem to mind walking Gonzalez to load the bases. He did, however, mind walking George Kottaras on a 3-1 pich well out of the strike zone.
After the blue wall was painted I decided to brighten up the dining room table and chairs. Three of the five chairs were painted the same cream color as the interior trim, and a bold green replaced the mustard yellow on the table base.
Medina Sting 2, North York Blues 6
Light, simple, and relying heavily on stove-top and cold preparation, crab might make a nice early Thanksgiving menu for those who must shuttle between families. It could also work for families like mine who eat late and want a snack but must keep the oven free for the hated bird.
The new law, which takes effect immediately, requires bareheaded riders 21 and older to carry at least $20,000 in additional medical insurance. Riders also must have passed a motorcycle safety course or have had their motorcycle endorsement for at least two years. These safeguards are woefully inadequate, given the increased risks and medical costs that come with riding without a helmet.
"(Abby's) one of 10 (siblings) and I'm one of two," Sharp said. "I think somewhere between two and 10 we'll compromise."
After last night<92>s match, she sat in her chair next to the umpire<92>s stand and tried to keep from crying <97> it was the fewest amount of games won in a women<92>s U.S. Open final since 1976.
Laura Taiby says she last saw her daughter, Laudan Taiby, as she was leaving their home in the 6700 block of Southwest 14th Avenue in the Hillsdale area about 5 p.m. Monday.
New York forward Amare Stoudemire will sit out Game 3 of the Knicks' playoff series against the Miami Heat after cutting his left hand, a person with knowledge of the situation said Tuesday, and NBA.com is reporting that Stoudemire will miss the rest of the series.
Another strong month of hiring makes it less likely that the Federal Reserve will take additional steps to boost the economy at its meeting next week.
Fire crews battle thousands of wildfires in California every year. This map shows areas burned in over 7,000 of the largest wildfires between 1950 and 2010. It includes data from the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection and federal agencies including the U.S. Forest Service. The fires shown here all are estimated to have burned more than 100 acres, but the data does not include some grass fires that burned fewer than 300 acres.
6680 SW Raleighview Ct; 3,935 square feet; on 1/27/2012 for $360,900
Arrieta (2-3) allowed six runs and nine hits in 6 1-3 innings. He yielded a career-high three homers, matching the total he surrendered in his first six starts this season.
When Junior walked into the memorial service Sunday, "it was a surprise to everyone," Doug Smith, Oceanside's postmaster, told me.
Chain
Perhaps it's time to make the situation worse. Or, more precisely, to square your shoulders against your guiding fear, that wave of disapproval. First, accept that it's probably coming anyway, no matter what you do.
"We don't think $458 million is representative of the cost of this project," said Obletz. "We think that number represented a series of the most expensive sub-options. Our task now is to sort through them, get rid of the expensive sub-options and try to ratchet the project back to a more affordable level.<94>
Context: Last summer, when a panel of growers and winemakers at Foothill Grape Day in Plymouth got around to talking of barbera's role at the table, Justin Boeger remarked: "Barbera is what I bring to dinner when I don't know the menu. It's versatile." Other than that, any Italian dish enhanced with tomatoes is traditionally paired with barbera.
Utah's Legislature subsequently passed a pilot guest-worker program.
"The Voice," NBC's upstart singing competition, is back for its second season Sunday, and the network is kicking it off in prime-time style -- positioning it right after the Super Bowl.
Three people were killed and more than 50 injured amid a horrific scene strewn with smoking debris.
That's something! But no help with my ticket.
Translation: The main health issue that caused Meyer to resign at UF was a sick program he left on life support. Meyer bolted UF because his program was imploding. He left new coach Will Muschamp with a crumbling shell of a team that was bereft of discipline, decency and depth.
Bynum won the tip. The ball was brought downcourt and Bynum slammed it home. In fact Bynum had six of the Lakers first 12 points. Pau Gasol was also effective with four of the points, meaning that 10 of the Lakers' first 12 points were by the big men.
Even though its workforce is shrinking, the company said it remains committed to the Colorado market.
WOW! Children's Museum
10. Youngstown
"I kept pitching like it was a one-run game," he said. "I never even looked at the scoreboard."
The prepaid-tuition program has stopped accepting new customers. The Illinois Student Assistance Commission says new leadership has already begun making changes and adding new safeguards.
She's often called "spry" because it seems synonymous with any senior citizen who refuses to fade into nonexistence. But a better word might be undaunted.
"We always know teams are gonna come out more fired up in the second game, and we accept the challenge," Dick said.
"You get kind of beat up after not finding a way to get out of that first round," captain Shane Doan said. "But it's only halfway. We've got to win four more and then regroup again."
The U.S.-led coalition routinely reports each time an American or other foreign soldier is killed by an Afghan in uniform, but the military is under-reporting the number of overall attacks. The Associated Press reported earlier this month that the International Security Assistance Force, or ISAF, does not report attacks in which the Afghan wounds <U+0097> or misses <U+0097> his U.S. or allied target. It also doesn't report the wounding of troops who were attacked alongside those who were killed.
That means advancing past the first round, then pushing Miami or Chicago, the likely second-round opponent, to at least six games, if not pulling off the upset.
"They're supposed to be all checked out," said the father of the teenage girl involved in the incident. "Something is not right."
People close to the Edwardses, speaking privately, say they have been torn about whom to support. The former North Carolina senator is concerned that Obama may not be ready for the presidency and that his health care plan is inferior. But Edwards was highly critical of Clinton -- her policies, her ties to special interests and her character -- during his campaign, making it more difficult to support her now.
San Diego 22, Crawford 0. Amberg (SD) 2-3, 2 runs; Acosta (SD) 2-2, 1 run; Mills (SD) HR.
Bon Jovi is in the middle of a stadium tour to support its latest album, <93>The Circle.<94> And tonight<92>s show <97> the first of four to be held at New Meadowlands Stadium this summer <97> might simply feel like <93>the next important one<94> to a group accustomed to playing shows of import.
4 cups chicken or fish stock
NEW YORK <97> Kirk Nieuwenhuis joked that his keepsake, the game ball he was given to commemorate his first major-league hit, will always be a bit dusty.
He is on trial in U.S. District court with Gabor, who served as Dimora's driver and is one of the former commissioner's closest friends. Gabor's lawyer will return today to give his closing arguments and jurors could begin deliberating by the afternoon.
While most of the wines are from Napa Valley and elsewhere in California, the international selections round out the list nicely. On any given night, 26 wines are offered by the glass (plus 17 dessert offerings), with a good selection of half bottles.
"I know I've been criticized a little bit for not playing as much as some other guys leading into these few weeks, but I know I've got a big stretch coming up, and I want to be as fresh as possible for this."
DK: And therefore it should be privileged?
But board members also expressed concerns about reducing how much schools get per student, saying a time when the general fund budget is going to be cut is the wrong time to thin the soup on Title I funding, too.
Scarlett Johansson filmed scenes at an old warehouse on Ashland Road near Longfellow Avenue, off Cedar Road near the Norfolk Southern railroad tracks. The warehouse was the site of top-secret filming and doubled as a Russian facility.
The declaration would permit the Federal Emergency Management Agency to supplement state and local relief efforts.
NEWARK <97> A Newark woman accused of animal cruelty in a pit bull abuse case tied the dog to a railing and left New Jersey for more than a week, according to the Essex County Prosecutor<92>s Office.
Set designer Bjorn G. Amelan has supplied transparent room-dividers and a sofa, wryly suggesting that Jones<92> memories resemble mental furniture. Much of this brilliant work, set to an eclectic score by Ted Coffey, depends upon a tension between the immediacy of lived experience<97>dancing, or biting into a juicy, green apple<97>and our subsequent need to measure, re-arrange and transmit our impressions before they vanish forever.
Scholar wrote of Coleridge's plagiarism
Aberdeen
The picks are doled out on the basis of a team's net loss in free agency the previous year: unrestricted free agents lost vs. unrestricted free agents signed. Salary, playing time and postseason honors also factor in. In 2011, the Browns lost Abe Elam, Matt Roth, Chansi Stuckey, Jason Trusnik, Lawrence Vickers, Floyd Womack and Eric Wright. They signed Brandon Jackson, Dimitri Patterson and Usama Young.
The investment by Ford and joint venture partner Changan Ford Mazda Automobile will expand Ford<U+0092>s capacity in Chongqing by 350,000 vehicles, bringing total capacity to 950,000 vehicles annually.
Cejudo received a standing ovation from the nearly 14,000 in attendance in Iowa City, and he thanked them by tossing his shoes their way.
323 Weber Dr, $55,440
<f8>"It's your job to try to find another position to make them happy. Sometimes it's not doable, like if you've got six horses outside you. And you have to go to another plan."
Thus, San Antonio and Oklahoma City posted the top two records in the West. San Antonio coach Gregg Popovich, not the Coach of the Year for nothing, defiantly rested his stars in a rebuke to the 66-game sprint. It worked; the Spurs won 50 games. Oklahoma City's best players aren't old enough to know tired.
"They said there was minimal contact," Brown said, "so it was a correct no-call."
"She's happy for me, but she's still on me with the grades," Williams said. "She's glad I'm getting a scholarship so she doesn't have to pay for anything. I have a 3.0 GPA, and for the NCAA (Clearing House) the only thing left to do is send my SAT scores. The academic advisor (at USF) said I am on track for admission."
Radio Radio
For Square 19, we find ourselves in a neighborhood that was long considered to be the wrong side of the tracks.
The pair began writing what would become the pilot episode of "Salemia" in February. Characters include a mayor, played by a 2008 candidate for Salem mayor, Lloyd Chapman (who was not elected). The "Salemia" mayor has two bumbling interns tasked with correcting Salem's image problem.
The sisters didn<92>t even know where he was buried. After their mother died in 2009, they started searching the Internet for any information on Moszek <93>Mike<94> Zanger. They soon learned more than their mother ever knew about his final months, thanks to the dogged work of a pair of World War II buffs.
Previous uses of gene therapy in experiments have suggested that leukemia caused by the viruses that transfer the genes to the cells might be a risk. The finding allays that concern, enabling researchers to move beyond immediately life-threatening illnesses, such as HIV and cancer, said Bruce Levine, a study author and researcher at the University of Pennsylvania.
"We're on the radar a little bit now," Sim said. "A lot of teams think we can be a sleeper, but we have to come in with a chip on our shoulder. We haven't proven anything yet. We overachieved last year, but we still want to get better."
Gattone was charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance and possession of paraphernalia.
Karen Neuman sensed a moment of hesitation from the driver to her right Saturday on Rockside Road at Interstate 77 in Independence. That's how she knew to expect company in her lane . . . again.
Across the street, Ed Nance can't believe the substation started Thursday's power outage for almost 7 million people.
Neal and Read swapped goals to open the second. Staal knocked in a rebound to help the Penguins close to 5-4.
Minnesota at Detroit, 1 p.m.
Rutgers coach Kyle Flood, who picked up on the design theme when Schiano left for the NFL, says the new uniforms will make Rutgers "look like the class of college football."
"She sees spider venom as the "hook" to get others excited about science, and it works," wrote Jane Hunter, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences.
DUBLIN -- Letting your telephone ring in a courtroom is rarely a good idea. Taking the call is worse.
Then comes the defense, which has played outstanding all season and deserves much credit for those gaudy goalie stats. And not only do they protect the net, they produce. Kevin Shattenkirk's 23 points ranks 18th in the league among defensemen and Alex Pietrangelo comes in right behind him with 21 points, good enough for 26th among defensemen. And with Shatty (plus-17), Petro (+14) and Barret Jackman (+13), the Blues have three defensemen who rank in the top
"I was rough, not focused. College Track holds you to certain expectations. I didn't always do what I was supposed to do. I'm not a perfect student, but now I really feel respected for my effort."
In a dissenting opinion, one justice said the decision establishes a troublesome precedent.
That information, and more, is available from the agency that regulates doctors, the state Board of Professional Registration for the Healing Arts.
Argentine Foreign Minister Hector Timerman increased the rhetoric Sunday after British Defense Secretary Philip Hammond said Argentina should apologize for the ad.
Yes, Mormons love families. But the family-values facade applies only if you stay in the fold. Former Mormons know the family estrangement and bigotry that often come with questioning or leaving the church.
The race was marred by a late scare involving Mike Affarano. He smashed into the outer wall after Zach Ralston made contact from behind, then flipped six times before landing on the driver's side. He was treated and released.
Questionable Calls: Wilson was a major reach at the 48th overall selection as a safety with suspect range who wasn't much of a ball-hawk at Illinois. Though New England was wise to concentrate on defense, a young receiver that can get down the field vertically would have been a worthwhile investment in either the second or third round.
As the officers and the St. Andres sat in a row behind eight defense lawyers this morning, about a dozen family and friends of the officers watched from the audience.
The glistening court beckoned. As Bowie filed onto the hardwood behind 26-year-old guard/stand-up comedian Terry Hosley, general manager John Wolfe <97> a man with admittedly no basketball experience <97> looked on from the sideline. Coach Bob Topp, who spent much of the day working 15 miles down the road as a middle-school athletic director, rolled a half-dozen basketballs underneath the hoop with the help of his college-age daughter. Players continued to trickle in, some wearing the business wear of their 9-to-5 existences.
The Knights edged runner-up Trenton by a single stroke for the title when senior Jesse Miller sank a clutch putt on the par-3 18th.
A gust of popularity
Silver Creek def. Mountain View 25-19, 25-12, 25-19
Parma Mayor Tim DeGeeter said he received a text from his friend and predecessor, Dean DePiero: "It's snowing," it read. "Good luck!"
Asserting that the health care act "tramples on the rights of Ohio citizens" and is a "huge federal overreach," DeWine shot a letter to Florida Attorney General Pamela Jo Bondi asking to have Ohio added to the list of plaintiffs seeking to overturn the law.
Now, Seton Hall heads into yet another postseason filled with disappointment.
It becomes hard for unions to protect wages in "industries that have alternatives, where you have companies with lower prices," said David Smith, a labor economist at Pepperdine University. "Markets are just becoming more and more competitive."
Michel said the final stadium vote in the coming days would be difficult for many legislators, but said the Vikings are "one of the things that put us on the map."
-- Portland Timbers Media Relations
In recent months, we've received complaints about those charges on British Airways, Air France, Air Canada and Aeromexico, which gets its own update at the end of this column.
Christie said Hendricks<92> appointment, which must be approved by the state Senate, fulfills a campaign promise to focus on higher education. Some legislators criticized how long it took the governor to act on that promise.
Another major element of the push will be online mobilization and Ashton Kutcher, who has more Twitter followers than Obama or Oprah Winfrey, sent off a live "tweet" while speaking at the event yesterday encouraging people to go to iparticipate.org and find a venue in which to contribute.
Valley 19 12 20 17 <U+0096> 68
"It always sounds like an excuse, but there is a strong seasonal element to economic activity," he said.
Dwyer said the chief would be open to a civilian expert "supplementing but not necessarily replacing" officers in the unit.
"We won't be able to make our bills if these budget cuts go through," Martin said. "That's going to happen to so many people. Their loved ones are going to be in a nursing home and it's going to cost the state more money."
This was the first time I had seen such a sunset. I thought I would have to travel to some exotic place to see the sun dip under a watery horizon - maybe the West Coast or the Caribbean or even the South Pacific. But here I was, knee-deep in a Canadian lake I had never heard of, watching the most beautiful and amazing sunset I had ever seen.
Police said the man entered the Provident Bank on Amboy Avenue at 1:30 p.m. Monday, handed a note to a teller demanding money, grabbed the cash, walked out and fled on foot.
TRIAD HAS WON 10 STRAIGHT
Cheerleading's catastrophic injuries -- ranging from a fractured spine to death -- have crept up in recent years to a peak of 11 nationwide in 2005-06. More than 65 percent of all catastrophic injuries to female high school athletes in the past quarter-century have been in cheerleading, according to an annual catastrophic injury report by the University of North Carolina's Frederick O. Mueller.
NEW BRUNSWICK <97> Though no final decision has been made, there may not be enough evidence in the Rutgers University internet voyeurism case to upgrade the charges to a hate crime, Middlesex County Prosecutor Bruce Kaplan said today.
"It would be an injustice to incarcerate this young man for a year for an isolated act, one violation," said Bell. "Up until now, he<92>s led a law-abiding life."
Police said Martin was severely injured in the crash and was taken to Lake West Medical Center in Willoughby. She was transferred to the MetroHealth Medical Center, where she later died.
"I feel like this is a genuine World Series contender. And I'm not just saying that. I really in my heart believe that. I'm not trying to be like (New York Jets coach) Rex Ryan, putting something out there and trying to make everybody mad. I feel like we have a great team."
Now that NBC's "Today" show's 852-week winning streak in the ratings has been snapped, morning shows are having difficulty generating more than a one-week streak. ABC's "Good Morning America" topped the "Today" show in viewers last week for the second time since 1995. The week before, "Today" had recovered first place after losing it for the first time in more than 16 years.
Traditional menus might include seafood salads, broccoli rabe with clams or anchovy, pasta with anchovies, pasta with lobster, shrimp, crab or clams, and any number of braised and roasted fish. Salt cod (baccala), a staple of many Southern regional traditions, also makes a frequent appearance, sometimes with cauliflower, pine nuts and raisins. The centerpiece for many of these feasts is roasted eel, especially in Rome, where it was sometimes prepared over an open fire.
inhaling a substance that has more than 150 compounds in it, as marijuana has, is not going to be a health boon for the lungs. The pleasant feeling, giddiness and relaxation that are the attraction of smoking marijuana come from tetrahydrocannabinol, THC. What the other 149 compounds do isn't known with great certainty.
What's more, the fire spread to electrical wires that fell. Firefighters monitored the energized lines until PG&E crews arrived to shut off power.
(Ticker Tape)
In the end, Long was unable to overlook Petrino's repeated failures to disclose details of his affair, noting the following times in his notes:
After 10 batters Edwards has nine strikeouts, a walk and the Cardinals haven't put the ball in play.
Multiple demonstrators Sunday expressed sympathy for rank and file police ordered to manage the protesters. Others said they hadn't seen an over reaction by police. "They're just doing their jobs. Some of them hate it. Some are enjoying it. I didn't see excessive force," said Justin M., who fell on hard times in Casper Wyo. and trekked to Denver. The demonstrations have resulted in a mobilization of officers. White said it will be a few days before the amount of overtime pay required is known.
Phil Taylor, Baylor, defensive lineman
A mayoral candidate at the time, he said he immediately began trying to pay but received conflicting advice from city tax collectors and the state assessments agency, which administers the credit. "I tried to pay it today, but they wouldn't let me," Conaway said Aug. 23. "Nobody wanted to take the money."
The first came toward the end of the 2010 season, when he hit himself on the helmet with his bat in frustration after striking out in a game against the Tampa Bay Rays.
last.
The entire back wall of the recording studio boasts a colorful fish mural, painted by Rebecca's brother, Eric Cox.
He was right to be surprised. PALG isn't just merely a "nonprofit law group" that "assists patients in obtaining the benefits they are lawfully entitled to receive," as the letter stated. The two attorneys who incorporated PALG -- Edmond DeFrank and Robert Silverman -- have both done legal work for 1-800-GET-THIN.
PSE&G reported 271,000 customers without power as of 8:30 this morning. Crews have been working overnight however some customers in Bergen and Essex Counties may not get power restored until Wednesday, the company said.
Dismissing the "hypocrisy" of Lautenberg<92>s comments, Norcross said, "Aside from the absurdity of his comments, it<92>s interesting to note that he never expressed these sentiments when he literally begged for South Jersey<92>s support in all of his campaigns for re-election."
A petition drive to ban traffic cameras in that city ended with 419 valid signatures, easily surpassing the number -- 251 -- that organizers said they needed to place the issue on the ballot. South Euclid Clerk of Council Keith Benjamin said a legal review is underway to determine whether that total meets city requirements for election eligibility.
"He wanted to come home before he died," said Etchison, who lives in Orange.
Newly-divorced and unemployed, a woman named Stephanie Plum decides to take a job at her sleazy cousin's bail bond agency. But her first assignment has her tracking down a former cop and murder suspect, who is also her old high school crush. Pretty convenient, eh?
<U+0095> "Show Dog" by Josh Dean (It Books, $24.99, 416 pages): Magazine journalist Dean covers the behind-the-scenes world of dog shows, traveling for a year with champion Australian shepherd Jack and his handlers. He found a dog-show subculture not far removed from the satirical movie "Best in Show."
"Due to the state budget long-term projects weren't addressed by MDOT," he continued. "The state has jurisdiction over most of the roads that are seeing the larger increase in traffic."
Born Walden Robert Cassotto in New York, Darin recorded more than 20 Top-40 singles, including his signature tunes "Mack The Knife" and "Beyond the Sea." Between the late 1950s and the late <92>60s, he morphed from teen pop idol to Las Vegas swinger to idealistic folk-rocker.
So, other than moving the Jets' next appearance on "Hard Knocks" to the Disney Channel, what<92>s the problem?
Yet some hospitals do make it easier. On its website, Huntington Memorial Hospital in Pasadena allows people to select several common procedures and get an instant price quote, including an estimate of the patient's share after plugging in their deductible and coinsurance. But even those numbers exclude the thousands of dollars that physicians, anesthesiologists and other specialists would tack on for most surgeries.
Mother's Day Tea Party: 6:30-8 p.m. May 11. Dress in your finest dress, tea hat and pearls and celebrate Mother's Day at High Tea with a 1920s-inspired fashion show. The formal sit-down tea service includes pastries, tea sandwiches, cakes and cookies. Proceeds benefit the church's building fund. Reserve your seat by sending an e-mail to kbonowil@cox.net or therndon@stonepointcc.org. Stonepoint Community Church, 8110 W. Peoria Ave., Suite 101, Peoria. $10, $5 for kids. 623-337-8663. stonepointcc.org.
AN Collision Center of Tempe, an AutoNation company, sold a 2.53-acre parcel at 6420 E. McDowell Road in Scottsdale to McDowell 6620 LLC for $2.25 million. Ed Beeh and Mike Polachek with SRS Real Estate Partners and Jacqueline Blake of Cypress Equities AutoGroup division represented the seller, and Mark Cagley of Cagley Properties Inc. represented the buyer.
"I got involved after Tony lost his battle with lymphoma in 2008," said Soyster, a Fenton resident.
Shakespeare's tragic tale of star-crossed lovers is the only play in Great Lakes history to be staged by all six of the company's permanent artistic directors, beginning with Arthur Lithgow's production in 1963 to Charles Fee's iteration, set in a post-World War I, totalitarian state, currently on stage at the Hanna Theatre.
1809 Vista Ridge Ln, $75,000




<U+FEFF>How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
<93>: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis<94>
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.<U+2665> :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
<ab> im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.<bb> THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
Thanks for the retweet!
<93>: be quiet poo balls.<94> I'm writing this on my wall
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
Who has the bigger stick?
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
#Well Done 2
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
cant wait till
you are gorgeous, em!
That<92>s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Keep moving, and get out of the way
<93>: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.<94>
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
me, too!
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
so? It's not the same.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
he's next to go bro
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. <U+2764>#RelayForLife <U+2764>
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Send details and I can post.
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Be the light in the world of darkness
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
No you Not!
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Sitting in the doctors office <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ha nah that aint me
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Sleep with one eye open.
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Late night last night.
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. <93>: can't wait to read Humanize by !<94>
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
The panna cotta is a must make!
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
I need two new tires .
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
- Sounds good bro
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
Cory Booker is on my tv.
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
Brandon don't joke like that
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
is doing some work! Check them out.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
you never know!
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
I love talking to this kidd
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Being abused
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
can I set up an interview with you guys?
wow I have snake bites again
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
Guys.. make me upset.
Is everyone Getting Along??
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
aw. Okay
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
<93>: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!<94>
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
UK sucks. UofL all day
One day.... :) <93>: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha<94>
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks <96> but competition is at the heart of innovation.
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
I know that. But others don't.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
<ab> I want a large cherry berry chiller .<bb>
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can<92>t accept your imperfections, that<92>s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I knew something was going to go wrong
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
hahah! It's a heart!
Hahaha! I'm sure he'd indulge you :). For some reason I'd love to also hear Tim Burton's opinion about Inception... :P
She said put a candle on my back baby blow it. I'll blow dat back out aaiight
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
10 Tablas Creek Vermentino. Delightfully true to type. Sweet tart balanced. Crisp, bit spritzy, green apple, pear, citrus 89 pts
"I'll just have the salad"
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
Vacay can't come soon enough.....ugh
Whats up twitter world?!?!?!?!
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
CONGRATS! Plan on directing or being a DP?
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
how many ppl in it ?
The retina is the film of the eye. It converts light rays into electrical signals and sends them to the brain through the optic nerve.
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
im really really really obnoxious.
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
no, it's a marker!
It's Mom's day so I probably won't be around much today. Kiss your mommy for me! xoxoxo
Awww you thought Brown was going to say something
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
u got a service pack?
hey as long as you get to celebrate.
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH.
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
can I breath?
#FF to for a fantastic #OpenAccess #OA meeting of the minds this week.
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Yeah :D
YES girl -_____- pathetic
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
And what will you do with your extra day? As an entrepreneur I'm guessing you're still working today?
Follow the crew members
what a promising name
okay good. lol have fun! xx
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Holy fucking traffic.
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
Back in the NINES office, catching up on everything...
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Internet Cultural Network: PBS: Jazz - Risk directed by Ken Burns
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
sounds like a mad and crazy scientist to me. Hope the nurse is okay.
We need YOU to become a part of something big- a rally for Clean Water. Wed, March 28th, 9<96>11am RSVP: .
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
So, how is the ride going so far?
not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
yeah.. So far i know 's staff , MLM, maybe and co are coming.
Cool--good luck!
Life is GREAT!
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
this one is in the books. GO BUCKS! BEAT CUSE!
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
How was that not too many men?!
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
Awww Verizon is making me sick.
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Sing a song of living before everybody dies.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
Congratulations Cheryl - great leadership insight "I have to know you to grow you". Thank you!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
follow me on tumblr bro
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
Thanks to Dr. Billingsley, Dr. Willihnganz, & Dr. Rhodes. A special thank you to our conference planning team!
ugh okay?
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Just realized my childhood friend/neighbor is dating
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers.
You are very welcome!! Thank you as well!
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
New York City was shweeeet
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
I never thought sleeping in would mean waking up at 9:30
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
you program drums to homie???
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
Congrats and best of luck on your new restaurant!
I was gonna watch The River tonight. It's perty skerrryy. Wanna join me?
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work..
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
Time flies when immersed in building a database. Wheeeee !!!
speech-language pathologist by education limited PR/marketing knowledge. Any must read book recommendations?
knew that oddly
RT : Life without music: flat <b7>
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
hey i was only referencing the fact that I completely humiliated you..and im the baby of the group
Back in LA after long drive from Vancouver...Check out the Dancing Ninja on IMDB, WE HAD FUN SHOOTING IT
not yet, im coming back tomorrow night :)) my brother is coming home in an hour so i'm baking him a cake :))
Marketing a product similar to others? Research their successful strategies but don<92>t copy! Once you know what works test new strategies.
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
I hate missing school
hey i love you ! you should cme to nyccc <3
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
RT: ladies, showin a great amount of skin when u dress up isnt the way to find Prince Charming.He likes his gifts wrapped
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
Harvey's intro is total doom & gloom so far. I suspect he will acknowledge some? positive expressions of urban social movements
I bet if you were here in Miami / Lauderdale u would like a bad chick would. In my Rkelly tone ....lmfao send me something nice.
Are you aware of any news organizations that will be livestreaming the Celebration of Life for Jr. Seau on May 11?
true, true. I need good treatment then! The hell
So much for trying to sleep early.
When asked me if my sister was buff like me, I was like Lmao!!! no we just look alike I guess lol
Talking to him>>>>
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
Yes , so glad I made it!
thanks for forgetting me
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
Mr.Gay! We could be so happy together!
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
Tina Moore and the Just Us Trio tonight at 9:30. All ages, no cover - nothing but great music!
Tweefer beef going on PLUR is what we live by Peace Love Unity and Respect.
I love my neighborhood.
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
this weather is horrible
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Obama rocks!
when and where is your next show?
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
ha! That's hilarious.
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
Idc I can't sleep so someone bout to be up wit me dammit *pouts*
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
im willing to pay:)
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
Ima Go Sleep (:
any sub category suggestions? #sex being the topic?
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
oh yeah we don't want that :/ lol
Lol! I knew something was up!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
thanks for following. What caught ur interest in my profile? Your music site sounds promising.
have u entered the twitterverse??
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
One aims to achieve complete self-forgetfulness, while at the same time developing complete <93>mindfulness<94> of the character....
I just ate
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
Streeter on drop in draft: <93>I<92>m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn<92>t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I'm proud of myself :)
If love isnt a sport, then why are there so many players.? <\3
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
I have a winter coat and flip flops on
Love, love will keep us together....*breaks record* FUCKING LIES! IF IT WAS TRUE MARIO WOULD BEG ME TO RETURN!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I absolutely love that song!
Jam lose 109-90 and have been eliminated from the playoffs
haha!!been up since 4:30 with the birds chirping outside. Lol!!!
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
<93>Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.<93>~Barbra Streisand
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
My favorite part of that meeting, is Pres. Bush's fantastic purple socks
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
This is how dedicated to Joss Whedon I am: Cabin in the Woods will be my first in-theater scary movie since Blair Witch. Seriously.
ITS A GIRL YAYY!!!
ready for georgetown
Santorum pulled out leaving his mark on the back end of the republican side of the race
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
BFAR 10 to hold investment forum on mariculture park project in MisOcc - Philippine Information Agency
Juiced lemons. Simmered w simple syrup n rosemary. Freezing it and flaking w a fork every hour. Adding to champagne bar on Easter.
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
Some of our friends R pathological liars & snakes we could smell venom on their breath and their words are phonier then cubic zirconias
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Funny presentation for Colin Firth since he probably hates Margaret Thatcher just like every other Brit.
Stupid bitches <<<<
Make your bucket list now it's the end of the world as we know it. Only 11 months and 21 days. happy new year!
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
It's Sunday already? :(
FAC can't advise if FAC isn't informed.
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
six million dollar man
I'm so sleepy and I gotta get this school thing going... :/
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
And to those making my world a better place. Happy #FF @ @ @
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
For the record, I came in the top 20%. There is still a tiny chance I'll win if they don't find someone in the top 100.
wow. That exam was bs.
I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days...
I hate biology.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
I know, right? I really liked Rachel's English accent... :-)
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
for my birthday I would like you to answer all my phone calls with the Rachael Bowen hey for 365 days.
Fuck this sun!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
I mean, Second Mile is funding Sandusky's defense, refusing to turn over internal records on clients and victims. Why is this not a story?
Hahahahahaha so close I did this one.... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Try the eggplant fries too.
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
i seriously want it to be Saturday already
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
Proud Momma Alert: My 6th grade son won the school-wide (K-8) science fair! Goes to school district regionals this Friday!
that pic was actually from Denver
I can't sweat it cause I know I'm going to work this out
Fuck these dumb ass trays
that's great! I know u r.
okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> we found a lot on the beach
QA - Algorythmic vs aesthetic dataviz: equally subjective? Both predicated on statistics, q of objects vs patterns
A girl came in and handed me an application....
nah don't say that...you gotta come to Vegas first lol jk.....it'll prolly be Bobby Brown tho lmao lemme stop
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
I think there was a bit of mystification about the material facts of making, which is (I agree) odd considering what CP is.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha RT : Can you still experiment in your thirty's?
Look forward,not back.Focus on the future not the past<U+2764>
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
Soccer on ice? That's probably the only way you'd get me to watch it! I'm a 100% hockey fan :-)
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
Black Friday!
Effin birds did a number on my car this morning... Bout to wash that ish<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
I'm bored at home.
Undersea cable bill gets 1 last chance in Senate
Whoa one direction is having a arena tour in 2013 yay lol
#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road
i make money money make money money ayy
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
or can u help me get more followers? It would ne awesome :)
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Chicago Tribune
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
It was indeed!
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
dude i'm freakiing out! idk how to do it onmy own! :'(
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
why? You want to still be friend?
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Simple little kind of free
If you let words hurt you, you a lil (b word). Use those words to make you stronger.
Ready to go -____-
Follow my new flick written by !
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
What up Woo
I am today...not tomorrow though.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
why the :(
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
Cyberdating in China: Woman w/ duck's egg face seeks handsome devil, not from Wuhan, no Virgos. Illuminating piece on "#romance by
Does anyone else remember when the best place to watch movie trailers was apple.com?
You know me all to well.
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
total "duh"
Looks like Astros want to be like Larussa & cards!





<U+FEFF>How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
<93>: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis<94>
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.<U+2665> :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
<ab> im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.<bb> THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
Thanks for the retweet!
<93>: be quiet poo balls.<94> I'm writing this on my wall
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
Who has the bigger stick?
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
#Well Done 2
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
cant wait till
you are gorgeous, em!
That<92>s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Keep moving, and get out of the way
<93>: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.<94>
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
me, too!
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
so? It's not the same.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
he's next to go bro
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. <U+2764>#RelayForLife <U+2764>
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Send details and I can post.
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Be the light in the world of darkness
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
No you Not!
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Sitting in the doctors office <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ha nah that aint me
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Sleep with one eye open.
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Late night last night.
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. <93>: can't wait to read Humanize by !<94>
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
The panna cotta is a must make!
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
I need two new tires .
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
- Sounds good bro
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
Cory Booker is on my tv.
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
Brandon don't joke like that
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
is doing some work! Check them out.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
you never know!
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
I love talking to this kidd
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Being abused
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
can I set up an interview with you guys?
wow I have snake bites again
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
Guys.. make me upset.
Is everyone Getting Along??
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
aw. Okay
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
<93>: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!<94>
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
UK sucks. UofL all day
One day.... :) <93>: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha<94>
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks <96> but competition is at the heart of innovation.
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
I know that. But others don't.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
<ab> I want a large cherry berry chiller .<bb>
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can<92>t accept your imperfections, that<92>s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I knew something was going to go wrong
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
hahah! It's a heart!
Hahaha! I'm sure he'd indulge you :). For some reason I'd love to also hear Tim Burton's opinion about Inception... :P
She said put a candle on my back baby blow it. I'll blow dat back out aaiight
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
10 Tablas Creek Vermentino. Delightfully true to type. Sweet tart balanced. Crisp, bit spritzy, green apple, pear, citrus 89 pts
"I'll just have the salad"
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
Vacay can't come soon enough.....ugh
Whats up twitter world?!?!?!?!
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
CONGRATS! Plan on directing or being a DP?
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
how many ppl in it ?
The retina is the film of the eye. It converts light rays into electrical signals and sends them to the brain through the optic nerve.
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
im really really really obnoxious.
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
no, it's a marker!
It's Mom's day so I probably won't be around much today. Kiss your mommy for me! xoxoxo
Awww you thought Brown was going to say something
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
u got a service pack?
hey as long as you get to celebrate.
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH.
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
can I breath?
#FF to for a fantastic #OpenAccess #OA meeting of the minds this week.
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Yeah :D
YES girl -_____- pathetic
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
And what will you do with your extra day? As an entrepreneur I'm guessing you're still working today?
Follow the crew members
what a promising name
okay good. lol have fun! xx
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Holy fucking traffic.
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
Back in the NINES office, catching up on everything...
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Internet Cultural Network: PBS: Jazz - Risk directed by Ken Burns
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
sounds like a mad and crazy scientist to me. Hope the nurse is okay.
We need YOU to become a part of something big- a rally for Clean Water. Wed, March 28th, 9<96>11am RSVP: .
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
So, how is the ride going so far?
not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
yeah.. So far i know 's staff , MLM, maybe and co are coming.
Cool--good luck!
Life is GREAT!
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
this one is in the books. GO BUCKS! BEAT CUSE!
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
How was that not too many men?!
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
Awww Verizon is making me sick.
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Sing a song of living before everybody dies.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
Congratulations Cheryl - great leadership insight "I have to know you to grow you". Thank you!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
follow me on tumblr bro
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
Thanks to Dr. Billingsley, Dr. Willihnganz, & Dr. Rhodes. A special thank you to our conference planning team!
ugh okay?
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Just realized my childhood friend/neighbor is dating
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers.
You are very welcome!! Thank you as well!
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
New York City was shweeeet
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
I never thought sleeping in would mean waking up at 9:30
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
you program drums to homie???
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
Congrats and best of luck on your new restaurant!
I was gonna watch The River tonight. It's perty skerrryy. Wanna join me?
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work..
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
Time flies when immersed in building a database. Wheeeee !!!
speech-language pathologist by education limited PR/marketing knowledge. Any must read book recommendations?
knew that oddly
RT : Life without music: flat <b7>
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
hey i was only referencing the fact that I completely humiliated you..and im the baby of the group
Back in LA after long drive from Vancouver...Check out the Dancing Ninja on IMDB, WE HAD FUN SHOOTING IT
not yet, im coming back tomorrow night :)) my brother is coming home in an hour so i'm baking him a cake :))
Marketing a product similar to others? Research their successful strategies but don<92>t copy! Once you know what works test new strategies.
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
I hate missing school
hey i love you ! you should cme to nyccc <3
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
RT: ladies, showin a great amount of skin when u dress up isnt the way to find Prince Charming.He likes his gifts wrapped
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
Harvey's intro is total doom & gloom so far. I suspect he will acknowledge some? positive expressions of urban social movements
I bet if you were here in Miami / Lauderdale u would like a bad chick would. In my Rkelly tone ....lmfao send me something nice.
Are you aware of any news organizations that will be livestreaming the Celebration of Life for Jr. Seau on May 11?
true, true. I need good treatment then! The hell
So much for trying to sleep early.
When asked me if my sister was buff like me, I was like Lmao!!! no we just look alike I guess lol
Talking to him>>>>
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
Yes , so glad I made it!
thanks for forgetting me
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
Mr.Gay! We could be so happy together!
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
Tina Moore and the Just Us Trio tonight at 9:30. All ages, no cover - nothing but great music!
Tweefer beef going on PLUR is what we live by Peace Love Unity and Respect.
I love my neighborhood.
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
this weather is horrible
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Obama rocks!
when and where is your next show?
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
ha! That's hilarious.
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
Idc I can't sleep so someone bout to be up wit me dammit *pouts*
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
im willing to pay:)
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
Ima Go Sleep (:
any sub category suggestions? #sex being the topic?
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
oh yeah we don't want that :/ lol
Lol! I knew something was up!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
thanks for following. What caught ur interest in my profile? Your music site sounds promising.
have u entered the twitterverse??
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
One aims to achieve complete self-forgetfulness, while at the same time developing complete <93>mindfulness<94> of the character....
I just ate
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
Streeter on drop in draft: <93>I<92>m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn<92>t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I'm proud of myself :)
If love isnt a sport, then why are there so many players.? <\3
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
I have a winter coat and flip flops on
Love, love will keep us together....*breaks record* FUCKING LIES! IF IT WAS TRUE MARIO WOULD BEG ME TO RETURN!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I absolutely love that song!
Jam lose 109-90 and have been eliminated from the playoffs
haha!!been up since 4:30 with the birds chirping outside. Lol!!!
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
<93>Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.<93>~Barbra Streisand
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
My favorite part of that meeting, is Pres. Bush's fantastic purple socks
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
This is how dedicated to Joss Whedon I am: Cabin in the Woods will be my first in-theater scary movie since Blair Witch. Seriously.
ITS A GIRL YAYY!!!
ready for georgetown
Santorum pulled out leaving his mark on the back end of the republican side of the race
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
BFAR 10 to hold investment forum on mariculture park project in MisOcc - Philippine Information Agency
Juiced lemons. Simmered w simple syrup n rosemary. Freezing it and flaking w a fork every hour. Adding to champagne bar on Easter.
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
Some of our friends R pathological liars & snakes we could smell venom on their breath and their words are phonier then cubic zirconias
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Funny presentation for Colin Firth since he probably hates Margaret Thatcher just like every other Brit.
Stupid bitches <<<<
Make your bucket list now it's the end of the world as we know it. Only 11 months and 21 days. happy new year!
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
It's Sunday already? :(
FAC can't advise if FAC isn't informed.
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
six million dollar man
I'm so sleepy and I gotta get this school thing going... :/
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
And to those making my world a better place. Happy #FF @ @ @
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
For the record, I came in the top 20%. There is still a tiny chance I'll win if they don't find someone in the top 100.
wow. That exam was bs.
I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days...
I hate biology.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
I know, right? I really liked Rachel's English accent... :-)
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
for my birthday I would like you to answer all my phone calls with the Rachael Bowen hey for 365 days.
Fuck this sun!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
I mean, Second Mile is funding Sandusky's defense, refusing to turn over internal records on clients and victims. Why is this not a story?
Hahahahahaha so close I did this one.... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Try the eggplant fries too.
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
i seriously want it to be Saturday already
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
Proud Momma Alert: My 6th grade son won the school-wide (K-8) science fair! Goes to school district regionals this Friday!
that pic was actually from Denver
I can't sweat it cause I know I'm going to work this out
Fuck these dumb ass trays
that's great! I know u r.
okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> we found a lot on the beach
QA - Algorythmic vs aesthetic dataviz: equally subjective? Both predicated on statistics, q of objects vs patterns
A girl came in and handed me an application....
nah don't say that...you gotta come to Vegas first lol jk.....it'll prolly be Bobby Brown tho lmao lemme stop
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
I think there was a bit of mystification about the material facts of making, which is (I agree) odd considering what CP is.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha RT : Can you still experiment in your thirty's?
Look forward,not back.Focus on the future not the past<U+2764>
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
Soccer on ice? That's probably the only way you'd get me to watch it! I'm a 100% hockey fan :-)
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
Black Friday!
Effin birds did a number on my car this morning... Bout to wash that ish<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
I'm bored at home.
Undersea cable bill gets 1 last chance in Senate
Whoa one direction is having a arena tour in 2013 yay lol
#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road
i make money money make money money ayy
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
or can u help me get more followers? It would ne awesome :)
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Chicago Tribune
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
It was indeed!
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
dude i'm freakiing out! idk how to do it onmy own! :'(
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
why? You want to still be friend?
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Simple little kind of free
If you let words hurt you, you a lil (b word). Use those words to make you stronger.
Ready to go -____-
Follow my new flick written by !
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
What up Woo
I am today...not tomorrow though.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
why the :(
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
Cyberdating in China: Woman w/ duck's egg face seeks handsome devil, not from Wuhan, no Virgos. Illuminating piece on "#romance by
Does anyone else remember when the best place to watch movie trailers was apple.com?
You know me all to well.
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
total "duh"
Looks like Astros want to be like Larussa & cards!





<U+FEFF>How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
<93>: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis<94>
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.<U+2665> :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
<ab> im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.<bb> THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
Thanks for the retweet!
<93>: be quiet poo balls.<94> I'm writing this on my wall
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
Who has the bigger stick?
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
#Well Done 2
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
cant wait till
you are gorgeous, em!
That<92>s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Keep moving, and get out of the way
<93>: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.<94>
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
me, too!
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
so? It's not the same.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
he's next to go bro
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. <U+2764>#RelayForLife <U+2764>
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Send details and I can post.
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Be the light in the world of darkness
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
No you Not!
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Sitting in the doctors office <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ha nah that aint me
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Sleep with one eye open.
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Late night last night.
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. <93>: can't wait to read Humanize by !<94>
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
The panna cotta is a must make!
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
I need two new tires .
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
- Sounds good bro
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
Cory Booker is on my tv.
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
Brandon don't joke like that
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
is doing some work! Check them out.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
you never know!
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
I love talking to this kidd
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Being abused
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
can I set up an interview with you guys?
wow I have snake bites again
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
Guys.. make me upset.
Is everyone Getting Along??
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
aw. Okay
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
<93>: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!<94>
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
UK sucks. UofL all day
One day.... :) <93>: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha<94>
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks <96> but competition is at the heart of innovation.
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
I know that. But others don't.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
<ab> I want a large cherry berry chiller .<bb>
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can<92>t accept your imperfections, that<92>s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I knew something was going to go wrong
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
hahah! It's a heart!
Hahaha! I'm sure he'd indulge you :). For some reason I'd love to also hear Tim Burton's opinion about Inception... :P
She said put a candle on my back baby blow it. I'll blow dat back out aaiight
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
10 Tablas Creek Vermentino. Delightfully true to type. Sweet tart balanced. Crisp, bit spritzy, green apple, pear, citrus 89 pts
"I'll just have the salad"
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
Vacay can't come soon enough.....ugh
Whats up twitter world?!?!?!?!
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
CONGRATS! Plan on directing or being a DP?
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
how many ppl in it ?
The retina is the film of the eye. It converts light rays into electrical signals and sends them to the brain through the optic nerve.
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
im really really really obnoxious.
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
no, it's a marker!
It's Mom's day so I probably won't be around much today. Kiss your mommy for me! xoxoxo
Awww you thought Brown was going to say something
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
u got a service pack?
hey as long as you get to celebrate.
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH.
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
can I breath?
#FF to for a fantastic #OpenAccess #OA meeting of the minds this week.
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Yeah :D
YES girl -_____- pathetic
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
And what will you do with your extra day? As an entrepreneur I'm guessing you're still working today?
Follow the crew members
what a promising name
okay good. lol have fun! xx
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Holy fucking traffic.
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
Back in the NINES office, catching up on everything...
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Internet Cultural Network: PBS: Jazz - Risk directed by Ken Burns
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
sounds like a mad and crazy scientist to me. Hope the nurse is okay.
We need YOU to become a part of something big- a rally for Clean Water. Wed, March 28th, 9<96>11am RSVP: .
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
So, how is the ride going so far?
not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
yeah.. So far i know 's staff , MLM, maybe and co are coming.
Cool--good luck!
Life is GREAT!
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
this one is in the books. GO BUCKS! BEAT CUSE!
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
How was that not too many men?!
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
Awww Verizon is making me sick.
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Sing a song of living before everybody dies.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
Congratulations Cheryl - great leadership insight "I have to know you to grow you". Thank you!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
follow me on tumblr bro
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
Thanks to Dr. Billingsley, Dr. Willihnganz, & Dr. Rhodes. A special thank you to our conference planning team!
ugh okay?
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Just realized my childhood friend/neighbor is dating
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers.
You are very welcome!! Thank you as well!
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
New York City was shweeeet
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
I never thought sleeping in would mean waking up at 9:30
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
you program drums to homie???
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
Congrats and best of luck on your new restaurant!
I was gonna watch The River tonight. It's perty skerrryy. Wanna join me?
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work..
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
Time flies when immersed in building a database. Wheeeee !!!
speech-language pathologist by education limited PR/marketing knowledge. Any must read book recommendations?
knew that oddly
RT : Life without music: flat <b7>
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
hey i was only referencing the fact that I completely humiliated you..and im the baby of the group
Back in LA after long drive from Vancouver...Check out the Dancing Ninja on IMDB, WE HAD FUN SHOOTING IT
not yet, im coming back tomorrow night :)) my brother is coming home in an hour so i'm baking him a cake :))
Marketing a product similar to others? Research their successful strategies but don<92>t copy! Once you know what works test new strategies.
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
I hate missing school
hey i love you ! you should cme to nyccc <3
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
RT: ladies, showin a great amount of skin when u dress up isnt the way to find Prince Charming.He likes his gifts wrapped
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
Harvey's intro is total doom & gloom so far. I suspect he will acknowledge some? positive expressions of urban social movements
I bet if you were here in Miami / Lauderdale u would like a bad chick would. In my Rkelly tone ....lmfao send me something nice.
Are you aware of any news organizations that will be livestreaming the Celebration of Life for Jr. Seau on May 11?
true, true. I need good treatment then! The hell
So much for trying to sleep early.
When asked me if my sister was buff like me, I was like Lmao!!! no we just look alike I guess lol
Talking to him>>>>
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
Yes , so glad I made it!
thanks for forgetting me
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
Mr.Gay! We could be so happy together!
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
Tina Moore and the Just Us Trio tonight at 9:30. All ages, no cover - nothing but great music!
Tweefer beef going on PLUR is what we live by Peace Love Unity and Respect.
I love my neighborhood.
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
this weather is horrible
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Obama rocks!
when and where is your next show?
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
ha! That's hilarious.
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
Idc I can't sleep so someone bout to be up wit me dammit *pouts*
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
im willing to pay:)
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
Ima Go Sleep (:
any sub category suggestions? #sex being the topic?
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
oh yeah we don't want that :/ lol
Lol! I knew something was up!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
thanks for following. What caught ur interest in my profile? Your music site sounds promising.
have u entered the twitterverse??
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
One aims to achieve complete self-forgetfulness, while at the same time developing complete <93>mindfulness<94> of the character....
I just ate
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
Streeter on drop in draft: <93>I<92>m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn<92>t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I'm proud of myself :)
If love isnt a sport, then why are there so many players.? <\3
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
I have a winter coat and flip flops on
Love, love will keep us together....*breaks record* FUCKING LIES! IF IT WAS TRUE MARIO WOULD BEG ME TO RETURN!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I absolutely love that song!
Jam lose 109-90 and have been eliminated from the playoffs
haha!!been up since 4:30 with the birds chirping outside. Lol!!!
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
<93>Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.<93>~Barbra Streisand
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
My favorite part of that meeting, is Pres. Bush's fantastic purple socks
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
This is how dedicated to Joss Whedon I am: Cabin in the Woods will be my first in-theater scary movie since Blair Witch. Seriously.
ITS A GIRL YAYY!!!
ready for georgetown
Santorum pulled out leaving his mark on the back end of the republican side of the race
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
BFAR 10 to hold investment forum on mariculture park project in MisOcc - Philippine Information Agency
Juiced lemons. Simmered w simple syrup n rosemary. Freezing it and flaking w a fork every hour. Adding to champagne bar on Easter.
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
Some of our friends R pathological liars & snakes we could smell venom on their breath and their words are phonier then cubic zirconias
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Funny presentation for Colin Firth since he probably hates Margaret Thatcher just like every other Brit.
Stupid bitches <<<<
Make your bucket list now it's the end of the world as we know it. Only 11 months and 21 days. happy new year!
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
It's Sunday already? :(
FAC can't advise if FAC isn't informed.
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
six million dollar man
I'm so sleepy and I gotta get this school thing going... :/
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
And to those making my world a better place. Happy #FF @ @ @
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
For the record, I came in the top 20%. There is still a tiny chance I'll win if they don't find someone in the top 100.
wow. That exam was bs.
I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days...
I hate biology.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
I know, right? I really liked Rachel's English accent... :-)
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
for my birthday I would like you to answer all my phone calls with the Rachael Bowen hey for 365 days.
Fuck this sun!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
I mean, Second Mile is funding Sandusky's defense, refusing to turn over internal records on clients and victims. Why is this not a story?
Hahahahahaha so close I did this one.... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Try the eggplant fries too.
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
i seriously want it to be Saturday already
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
Proud Momma Alert: My 6th grade son won the school-wide (K-8) science fair! Goes to school district regionals this Friday!
that pic was actually from Denver
I can't sweat it cause I know I'm going to work this out
Fuck these dumb ass trays
that's great! I know u r.
okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> we found a lot on the beach
QA - Algorythmic vs aesthetic dataviz: equally subjective? Both predicated on statistics, q of objects vs patterns
A girl came in and handed me an application....
nah don't say that...you gotta come to Vegas first lol jk.....it'll prolly be Bobby Brown tho lmao lemme stop
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
I think there was a bit of mystification about the material facts of making, which is (I agree) odd considering what CP is.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha RT : Can you still experiment in your thirty's?
Look forward,not back.Focus on the future not the past<U+2764>
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
Soccer on ice? That's probably the only way you'd get me to watch it! I'm a 100% hockey fan :-)
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
Black Friday!
Effin birds did a number on my car this morning... Bout to wash that ish<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
I'm bored at home.
Undersea cable bill gets 1 last chance in Senate
Whoa one direction is having a arena tour in 2013 yay lol
#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road
i make money money make money money ayy
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
or can u help me get more followers? It would ne awesome :)
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Chicago Tribune
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
It was indeed!
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
dude i'm freakiing out! idk how to do it onmy own! :'(
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
why? You want to still be friend?
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Simple little kind of free
If you let words hurt you, you a lil (b word). Use those words to make you stronger.
Ready to go -____-
Follow my new flick written by !
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
What up Woo
I am today...not tomorrow though.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
why the :(
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
Cyberdating in China: Woman w/ duck's egg face seeks handsome devil, not from Wuhan, no Virgos. Illuminating piece on "#romance by
Does anyone else remember when the best place to watch movie trailers was apple.com?
You know me all to well.
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
total "duh"
Looks like Astros want to be like Larussa & cards!





<U+FEFF>How are you? Btw thanks for the RT. You gonna be in DC anytime soon? Love to see you. Been way, way too long.
When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
they've decided its more fun if I don't.
So Tired D; Played Lazer Tag & Ran A LOT D; Ughh Going To Sleep Like In 5 Minutes ;)
Words from a complete stranger! Made my birthday even better :)
First Cubs game ever! Wrigley field is gorgeous. This is perfect. Go Cubs Go!
i no! i get another day off from skool due to the wonderful snow (: and THIS wakes me up...damn thing
I'm coo... Jus at work hella tired r u ever in cali
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
we need to reconnect THIS WEEK
I always wonder how the guys on the auctions shows learned to talk so fast!? all I hear is djsosnekspqnslanskam.
Dammnnnnn what a catch
such a great picture! The green shirt totally brings out your eyes!
Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
I'm doing it!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6>
Beauty Brainstorming in the Alchemy office with and Sally Walker!
Looking for a new band to blog for the month. anyone interested?
Packing for a quick move down the street... If only I had some movers...
ford focus hatchback?
RT : According to the National Retail Federation $16.3 BILLION was spent on #MothersDay last year!!
<93>: "The tragedy of life is not that it ends so soon, but that we wait so long to begin it." - W.M. Lewis<94>
More skating! Come by the check out a movie, eat a great dinner and top it off with great times at the ice rink.
watch your mailbox! : )
Tommorows the day...
Good questions. RT : Your #brand will be judged based on its #website. Is your website a good brand ambassador?...
Don't care what others think of you, and you will save yourself a lot of mental energy that instead can be used to push you towards success.
This Ron Artest interview... is it possible to die from laughter?
Linda! Just looked at my sched & I have to hustle back to Chula for P.M. meetings, so no time 4 lunch. :( Do u meet every Fri?
Bum Squad lets get it! RT : Shout that ninja out for winning
I love you, and I'm so proud of you. From sitting on those stairs on The X Factor, to now. You boys are my inspiration.<U+2665> :) xx
Maybe some other time I can't slow down, right across that state line right about now
Exhaust leak! arrrgh
i Love Reading your magazine (: it always cheers me up
Tables are all sold out for the Mystique Masquerade Ball.
Make one up! It might help you feel better. Alternative: just scream nonsense at the dumb machine.
ya ik and i never asked him to follow me i only mentioned him once in one of my tweets- i didnt do anything else
I will <3
Great talking to you guys tonight! Looking forward to your piece next week Jon.
Small market baseball. You, know...for the 99%.
Sing it!
it comes on tonight!! not tomorrow!!
maybe? just seems they thought up that idea over sunday brunch and thought it was swell.
Thanks for the #FF! Awfully good company to be in.
"The longer we live the more we find we are like other persons." ~ Oliver Wendell Holmes
made my list for top 99 women.
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
GOP line on Obama gay marriage stance seems to be that he flip-flopped. Really want to use that with Romney as your presidential candidate?
I know, I know. Then you kick yourself when the fight goes lopsided. But if the upset DOES happen, wow. Nothing like it.
No stress balls or keg and different crew -- but these guys know how to party
William Davis attorney says client will plead insanity. He faces first-degree murder charge in woman's death
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
Weird thought: we got to witness the change of a millenia, the next change is 40 generations away...imagine what the differences will be!!
got a good one?
love chris brown
Wit them sexy ass lips
its sounds good
How (un??)fortunate that those days when every status update was a song lyrics were also the days when I first discovered New Wave...
I had a bomb ass day Chillin' with friends.
Working on music for Holiday show on the 23 in Santa Barbara!! OPEN BAR!! Me, Tim from Palin White T's and JR Richards from Dishwalla!!
Hey Nate! Thanks for dropping by yesterday. How was your meal?
#FF : literary lights who brightened my week.
Time to shape up! Water, pavement, weights, and zija are going to be my friends. wedding just 4 months away!
Report the many things that are positive about the University of Arkansas athletics program.
Athletes/celebrities should have a tool to charge $.99 per RT request. $ to support foundations/charities, fans get involved.
Enjoy!! Stay cool!!
"...yo chick she so thirst..." aye!!! I really don't know what else they're saying tho except that lol
talks in third person.
. many things can happen. Only YOU can control your reaction to it. Practice this good
"You will allow me to continue to do what I love." Big Show's wife?
haha very cute! Have u heard from julie?? Who's that on her fb I'm tryin not to laugh
and somedays youre the windshield wiper
I'm taking Adam! :-)
lets do this
Not much, Ben - how's you?
Sarah trying to explain to my teacher YOLO, lmfao .... >>
#Inspiring RT : Great minds must be ready not only to take opportunities, but to make them. --Colton
med school...wow! I could never do that. Am too OCD to be around blood and sick people for long periods of time ;)
Sleeping? Not likely. RT : Sleeping to
Time for lunch!
Not being dependent on anyone for your happiness >>>
This humidity is not sitting well with me at all !! #NeedACInSchool D:
Do u know whats creepily??? I Hate Cheesecake. Its Cake with Cheese in front of it!
thanks. Got it at walmart!
Still haven't seen #Super8? Every 88th check-in wins a free movie ticket. 45,347 check-ins so far!!
RT Congratulations to the for advancing in the #stanleycup Playoffs! They defeated the #Sens in a 4-3 series.
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Ghost Hunters makes me cry :( <3
Who's going to the OVW show tomorrow? your team dominoski will be in the house! First brew after the show is on me!
just waking up but #therave last night though>>>>>>
at six flags.
Thanks Tom.
They're not applauding because you don't have a button!
<ab> im not mad.. it just sucks that i cant show you off.<bb> THIS!.
I'm at little league majors try outs in
Where my meatballs at? and Naomi :)
Doing some #cufon testing and implementation in #wordpress. What the FOUC d'y'all think of cufon?
lo mejor! it was cool experiencing work through the eyes of an excited teen
Me: the only b word u should call a girl is beautful! Colin: or a butterfly!
I just think that the zooming is overused. It needs to be done tastefully. And it's not the point.
If you have Firefox or Google Chrome type in "let it snow" into google today.
hahahahhahah u just made my day :D
I can hear "High and Dry" through the walls. Amazing.
RT : **IMPORTANT** Our new hashtag is #SNTCK please tweet your #specialneeds resources and writings with us to share
Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
this conference is rockin'
Pretty sure that was a broken leg.
Keith was also good a smoking in the dugout and being a class a jerk. I grew up a Mets fan..sorry to admit
She's calling you back - is having a moment ;)
Reward yourself for just getting up in the morning. It's a wonderful accomplishment!
Big ups to for leaving voicemails that Google can accurately transcribe.
#GET BETTER
Everyone say a prayer for my brother who is at Wrigley field with his wife and kids. She and her daughters are in Cardinals jerseys.
Why you actin like that towards me now
Have a great evening/afternoon/whatever it is where you are, folks!
experience of a life time!
Hey how did you like Dogtooth? I watched like six months ago but don't know anyone else who saw it.
The average gossip and complain. The exceptional create and inspire. #leadership RT
#OneThingYouShouldntDo Spam someone to DEATH! it's like stalking them ... Like really?!
me too
Buffalo we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I promise you can go ten minutes without hanging on his arm.
Snap backs and tattoos
Fallout from the original, actually
who is your favorite tv mom?
Hey Giants fans. How ya feeling tonight. Boy, do you look dumb in that stupid panda hat.
out of twitter jail i see.
IT PUTS THE WOO IN MY WOO!
People can keep talking/Thy can say what thy like/I dont worry cause everythings goin' be alright/No one get n way I feeling 4 (JESUS)
Drawn Dead will be at the Wynn today giving out free shirts!
the fact that i added an extra "d" on the end of "just" amplifies its greatness that much more. Oy vey.
Hmm, I got hacked--do not open that link in the DM that was sent from my account. Sorry!! Yikes.
dont break my butt
you're welcome(:
O.. intrigued by ! We're in negotiations for building our new website...
So what do you do in OKC?
the fact that lives on an island makes me wanna shoot myself because i need to see her at least every other day to feel sane.
Players were Tebowing before Sat NFL Astroturf Collegiate Bowl. Praying in the end zone before the game and Tebowing a great stite
Yes they can :)
Hahahahaha, I love it. Thanks for the quick birthday lesson :)
; Im Almost Up To Youu!
Tonight should be fun ;)
I spy at Zeitgeist Coffee :)
Thanks for the retweet!
<93>: be quiet poo balls.<94> I'm writing this on my wall
Sarkozy? More like Sark-oh-no-he-didn'tzy, am I right?
going through #RNRCHI bag & wondering if people *actually* pay $60 to do the "ready to run" 20 mile training run.
That's game we lost I can't hate on the Heat Good Game
The #Marlins wish they had 5000 in attendance tonight...
#9 for Nelson!
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
are you visiting again?! 'cause that would be awesome!
no it's the interview he told us about in class member?
Who has the bigger stick?
These late night walks are still religion to me. Thank goodness for these.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I want a new phone case. Preferably a sparkly one.
Everybody in the class is laughing at this part and I had no idea what was said :p
Bestfriend just got hit on my a 30 something year old
thanks for the follow... Your Gorgeous btw! ;)
oh boo :( and here I was promoting what I thought it would be to a friend yesterday! Let me know if the cobbler needs help ;)
"Collaboration addresses complex problems more effectively because there are more perspectives in the room"-Gary Mangiofico
cinco de mayo fiesta at la carreta is packed!
Dallas slapped me on my red as cherries sunburn, and im still crying aftr 10 mins., i hate him.
is that kind of place. Like in DC. Ladybugs lurv it.
#Well Done 2
I was born 2 weeks early? Haha
cant wait till
you are gorgeous, em!
That<92>s what I thought, just wanted to check before I rework it.
adele gets off a standing ovation right away?
Keep moving, and get out of the way
<93>: yeah, l could be the bigger person, or you could just shut the fuck up.<94>
anything intriguing going over there? Any clues on who the browns draft next?
Being chauffeured in a brand new Range Rover w/ and Happy Derby day!
I lost 5 pounds sweating in sparring class today.
Let peace find a toe hold in this tumultuous world.
Reminder: we play in Dallas tonight at the den. 10p start. See y'all there.
me, too!
And thank everyone of you who has taken the time out of your day to listen to us, your all amazing, much love h2p
in MD MIAA-A Boys Lax action, St Mary's Annapolis goes into Loyola-Blakefield's house and leaves with a victory. 11-8
#FridayThe13th is the best movie ever....and todays date.
The poor needs relief, and they need it now! Somebody help!
Okay so apparently it's not new? Sorry for having a life and not listening to music all day long. :)
Heard PM was in #Broncos training facility all day, even had a 2 Hour
that is hilarious! We need to do what we can to feel young!!
I had the weirdest dreams last night.
scrapbook class. Next up: hinged reattachment of enclosures w/ wheat paste and Japanese tissue! It's like I'm at nerd camp.
If your girlfriends parents pay her cell phone bill...
thanks... I'll definitely be using some Edmundson
This Little Girl by Cady Groves..... I <3 it! Look it up :)
YourKoz Games+Find out who this is-$2.00+She concentrates on the calibre and quality of education for Jordanian children & global education
can u please RT or follow? i'm one of your biggest fans :)
The tea party movement filled the gap in republican party on intolerance for overspending.
Flores says vocational training is "his backyard." Admiration for police, nurses.
In Krav Maga there are no rules, no restrictions
Thank you! I'm proud of us all!
I love you brianana
"As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord." And we will embrace our LGBT brothers and sisters.
im following u so u cant welch lol
Plan on being a DJ (:
I actually saw a police officer on horseback galloping through downtown.
8th grade was so great though! & we all said we'd all stay close! We should all get together ASAP.
so? It's not the same.
got that vol. 1 return of the bodysnatchers bumpin. Perfect for the gym! I'm going I'n right now!!
is our new Twitter pg. Follow 4 exciting deals, ATX challenges, & insights on #fashion, epicurean, entertainment & the arts
Daddy got a new truck(:
Freakin is FLAWLESS..in every way!
he's next to go bro
Thanks for finally providing a good night's rest! and I had a great time! Hope your run post beers was good!
I love my momma :)
Hello new followers!
Not sure! Any recommendations? RT : Hey Chicago! What are you eating at the Taste of Chicago this weekend?
Mayoral Candidate Forum on education this Thursday January 21, 6pm at Warren Easton, 3019 Canal street.
Ah I miss that place so much! We def need to do another road trip this summer
Join the Maui Mall Shoppers Club at www.mauimall.com. We give away three great prizes monthly, including $100 gift certificate to the mall!
busy day. I thought called about Film but it was same name dude who is a set medic. #internmistakes!
total white cat move
I actually liked Derek Morris as a Ranger.
Twovsuns massage is now offering couples massage! What a great way to start off your valentines day! Call to schedule today!
Stellar of to reply. #digiday I find the lack of women in marketing/pr leadership interesting- it's an area of research for me.
Enter to win an Orioles vintage cap by email or tweet the answer to: Which 2 O's pitchers hold the record for the most opening day starts?
Prepare for testing season by practicing to read standardized instructions in dry monotone.
What Is A Life Without A Purpose? What Is A Purpose Without Love?
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
i'm waiting patiently for the videos of the tram ride and pics at Yoga! :-)
Congrats to Patti Groff, CLM on winning the Spirit of ALA Award - a huge honor recognizing leadership and dedication!
Finally Going to bed. Had a long night but atleast it was for a good cause. <U+2764>#RelayForLife <U+2764>
Haha. Works for me sometimes. ;)
Send details and I can post.
Wearing my 2011 shirt to the #Skrillex show in Indy tonight. Already got a lot of compliments.
Howdy Ali - good to meet you too!
The scent of Coco Chanel perfume will aways flood me with lovely memories of my dear Aunt Lynn.
"We All Got That One Friend whose laugh is always funnier than the joke."
Fact: Girls have a lot of crushes but their heart only belongs to one guy.
Number one SEO mistake? Not doing on page keyword optimization.
Count on me! ;) RT : better get your own party started!
I hate when i wear bhoops and people are like " the bigger the hole the bigger the hoe" and im just like. O___o bitch try me.
Be the light in the world of darkness
#kids Little Stage Puppet Theater: Little Stage Puppet Theater Friday, May 11, 2012 at 6:30 PM Monrovia California 518 E. Colorado,...
lost one dream, so now i'm gonna pursue an even greater one
Interested to see matte football helmets next year. Not convinced, yet.
oh man I want some French toast so bad now...
You mean... a winky face is not the correct use?!
omg Jesus loves me SO much that sometimes my hair falls out. Then I pick it up and burn it as an offering. It feels so nice.
No you Not!
Hi there Sueanne! Liking the newest avatar! Getting to be beach weather, right?!
The trip home feels twice as long. Even with good music and junk food. Too bad I don't smoke anymore.
: Thanks for ther RT about Administrative Professionals Day.
Tryin to stay up for loiter squad
looks like its a jquery problem. in this.selectMenuItem, this refers to the document, right?
Can I get a refill?
Sitting in the doctors office <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
ha nah that aint me
Hey everyone, please follow one of the best metal drummers ever, Paul Bostaph,
Wow. Bollywood and Smash are still trending. That's how good tonight's episode of #smash was!
seriously? I'll have to check it out!
Just saw this tweet, it was good to meet you too! Thank you so much for your support! MT
are you coming to get Donovan
OK just asked to have it shipped should have it in the next few days
Engineering Dev Manager-excellent leadership opportunity in Bellevue
Sometimes "no syntax error" doesn't equal finished; it equals actually beginning.
Listening to The Faint always makes me think of you :) Its not bad for paper-writing music!
Sleep with one eye open.
Loved that beer, thank you for sharing
Successfully set up Nokia Education Delivery server locally (MacBook Pro) but am at a loss for user guides.
/ That, Alberto, is part of our "secret sauce" for the game. They are not aware, as that could bias gameplay.
hell yeah! How much are the tickets?!
Thank God, Lifetime, and Thank You John! I hope the show lasts forever on television, this show is very valuable to all of us!
Teen Wolf Trailer Omg I can't wait till it comes back on!!(:
U Said "I Will BE THERE WITH YOU",But #Wisconsin NEEDS U NOW. GO spend & campaign there
Late night last night.
#Pittsburgh WPXI interviewing family across st whose chimney fell down during the earthquake. Tempted 2walk out dressed in my Batman outfit
Time to dream bout some crazy ishhh goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
okaay (; LOOOOL i still remember our thoughts
it's my fault I'm sorry
hey Clifbar people, love your stuff but need more info on this arsenic in organic bar business in the news today. What's your take?
Chicago roadtrip status: ACTIVE.
Watched 'Anatomy of a Murder' tonight. Have u seen it? Late-50s courtroom drama that you would surely appreciate.
Happy Mothers Day all Moms from me& FloboRojan RT: , " Yearning 2 hear well done good & faithful servant..From my Wife." (cont)
Hard to believe but The Great Online (formerly ReignNet) has accumulated over 150 customers!
Griffin shoots on his way down. Irks me.
Hey shawty, I was thinkin of you (;
theyre gonna win just to fly to miami tomorrow
sweet! Let me know what you think. <93>: can't wait to read Humanize by !<94>
Stop trying to control everything and just let go.
It is an absolutely gorgeous December moon.
God has so many amazing plans for you :) I can't wait for whats to come and some new music!!
yup-there's all kinds of sneezing & sniffles in my house lately.
we're apart at a ray
Holy shit my mom can talk. About the SAME. DAMN. THING. That everybody already knows.
Coming up on a year with Twitter and not much to show for it...
Ok I need a remote starter asap:-(
I could go for a nice post dinner cheese plate. What kind of host are you, ?
Just had the best snow cone, imperial woodpecker in NYC- get there
I need to see so many movies.
Why do I always buy the biggest wedding gift?
younger guys is in the rotation hopefully behind CC and then RF prob with Swisher and catcher
Thanks! Still need Help/Suggestions! I had another 6 commitments Saturday from the young youth group.
I deserve to know it's GMO.
Started today at 5 with meditation and a double iced espresso. I think I have found the magic morning combo!
I'ts your blog and you are well aware of the link. Don't play dumb with me.
Need to vacuum
The panna cotta is a must make!
If this whole journalism thing doesn't work out, I think I now know what I want my second career to be.
because they're "bad bitches" aka bitches doing bad, close to the lowest female life form, next to jersey chasers
Man I am in the weeds today at work. Someone bring me ZKabob and brighten my day :)
Don't forget.... our 5th annual #Cuts4aCause is TOMORROW from 9-3!!! Don't miss out on this amazing event!! Call 414.988.4165 to book!
At first I wasn't sure (because I'm vegetarian), but some of their menu does look good; especially the cheeses.
I'll go without before i beg for something...
RT : And IU moves on to the next round of the tournament!
Silverton "Skip the Strip" New Year's Eve celebration. $10 wristband all you can drink 9:20-12:30
I need two new tires .
NBA #FanNight Chris webber my dad likes your glasses! DC13
sometimes you gotta do stuff you really don't wanna do.
- Sounds good bro
I'm digging The Offspring right now.
Thanks for the RT! :)
Enjoy this sunny day with a smile on your face and your head held high cuz u never know when the dark clouds will roll in
because... Why? Doesn't look like a keg. Guess it usually smells like one, I guess.
No worries! We hope you find ours interesting and helpful as well!
#Spammers I'd like to see the statistic on what spammers cost american small businesses in a dollar amount. They cost me so much...
Cory Booker is on my tv.
If the #2 pencil is so popular then why is it number 2? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
plz go follow she follow back ;D and i will follow you too :D
Chasing The Sun is honestly a very very amazing song. IT'S SO ADDICTING, lol.
Brandon don't joke like that
RT Drake Be Sounding Like He Be Crying His Ass Off When He Be Singing Sometimes ! lOl hell yeah
" Motivation and inspiration energize people, not by pushing them in the right direction as control mechanisms do but by satisfying basic...
I thought you were strictly Infrastructure bro? You doing sharepoint dev roles too now?
no I had the kids. The ex kinda dropped them on me
Playing with fire again.
Ad2's "When Creatives and Non-Creatives Unite" is March 13th. Stay tuned in to Twitter and your Email for more information!
awesome! Although a little jealous bout the Jordans! Haha!
join the club that plays #unfollowfriday every week! It relieves stress!
you said that u cant say boys like my head...yet i have a bf..so obviously he likes my head
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
-OR- "Moons Over my Hammy" lol M
Missing a very important page from my booking notebook...this isnt good.
gets a standing ovation on Leno!! Freedom is catching.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
it should keep that same letter everytime u plug it in.
My Facebook doesn't look any different. Can I say Facebook on Twitter?
The thing I wish I could say to you but knowing I wont<<<
is doing some work! Check them out.
got the 12th pick,12team league,somebody help me....
you never know!
That song still gives me chills!
Aight heat nation victory nite 2nite... Lets go heat
I love talking to this kidd
Thin air will help so the offense won't have to drive as far.
Whoa! Whoa! Koala's get chlamydia?
RIP to the day when Titanic sent more than 1,500 people to a watery grave
Lakers would do well to keep drawing fouls on the Thunder bigs.
is there a worse place to get drafted than Cleveland?
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
Well, we're getting close to completing the album!..See the journey!
Going to bed, Night <3
Just finished "one thousand gifts"....what a read. Just ordered 4 new....hate waiting!
I just love when my mother forgets to pay my phone bill. Sure hope I don't have a wreck on the way home and have to call 911.
I just swabbed for Janet Liang tonight! And I'm actually home tonight to listen!
Josh Hamilton CRACKS on CJ for 19 home runs on the season!!! Dude is in a ZONE!!!
Does anyone get blown out on the road more often than the Lakers?
girls over 150 should stick to sweats and bags over their heads
Is your last name Trump? Mine got $5 for the first & $1 for each thereafter.
haha its the culture B haha
LA MUJER DE IVAN @ 8:30PM. Screened as part of The New Chilean Directors Showcase.
haha your full of it! Its a gray day and I'm stressed but doing OK. Ha!
Well there might not be any crying in baseball, but there is a great deal of it in skiing.
I would love to connect sometime. Where are you located?
yessir you are correct
I want steak and crab so bad right now. I'm thinking a late night grilling session later.
You will absolutely love it after the first 75 pages. So, suck it up and get that far. It turns on a dime.
You know, football isn't nearly as fun to watch when beer isn't involved
Being abused
I found Toure Neblett much less of a jerk than one name Toure, the delusional ego maniac with an opinion on everything.
Anyone out there looking to buy hunting land in Northern & Central Wisconsin this fall?
OMG MediaTemple NameSevers are down! Somebody's going to be in trouble.
"#Mathematics is made of 50 percent formulas, 50 percent proofs, and 50 percent imagination." And #mathematicians prove this all the time!
can I set up an interview with you guys?
wow I have snake bites again
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
Happy Casimir Pulaski Day! Only in Illinois...
Guys.. make me upset.
Is everyone Getting Along??
So it's worth watching? So afraid to commit to another show.
Yes, you should be mean to the foster dog so he doesn't like you. That's the ticket.
aw. Okay
I want to get 100 followers already! Follow me!
i guess they think they doin somethin by changing my fb password nd im the Lil Kid lmaooo
I'd like to know how much household help & had when the boys were infants & in school!
iv never felt this for any guy. u must be special <3 its a thing called true love <3
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
Surrendering isn't just about letting go...It's about letting God!" I surrender all!
<93>: Rooney Rule: You should start #eating right, getting #sleep and #exercising soon, because soon it will be too late!<94>
Richard Welsh is Steve's Dad. He is hoping #TeamSoaringHigh from Colorado, where the Welsh family lived a country road or 2 from each other.
!++-~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#Startingnow I want ALL those girls of the world to know that they are beautiful and that there should #notbebulling and it should stop!
I miss Ryan Dunn =(
What a beautiful fall night in Seattle! I love this time of year
Now that everyone has graduated, I'm off to never never land
My Name Is MAHATAA is BOOK OF THE MONTH at Agape for the month of February, leading into book signing in mid-March! See you then!
good cause the cowboys could use him in two years
San diego mayor talking about the necessity of art despite hard times!
Some things are easier said than done.
Thanks for the RT! I hope all is well with you!!
Kind of wish I wasn't going to prom...
Lol. Shep Jr. don't care!
: ALL seized Full Tilt #Poker funds, incl. payment processors, should be used to reimburse players. THX
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..come
yikes.."since 2007, RIM has introduced 37 models" -- A Boggle of Blackberrys nyti.ms/tKK5hZ
IDIOT!!! Ban him!!
Ok I need kush rehab real shit
RT: it would be amazing and the best thing yet... if u were to follow me yee:)) 11:11
Taking orders for custom clips, pic sets and webcam shows!!!! ;)
Lobby of Marriott playing Bruce (Hungry Heart) waiting for NJ crowd to arrive
I didn't get home until the saw the sun coming up... I went hard last night
ugh i know.......long night Smh
Sad. The guy who created the Mustang Cobra passed away today. My favorite car!
UK sucks. UofL all day
One day.... :) <93>: dude! You guys need to come through Canada already haha<94>
Tommorow is B-day nd Everyone should Wish Her A Good One. She is One Of Are Biggest Supporters. So S/O Nd Love You Pintos :-)
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks <96> but competition is at the heart of innovation.
#Brewers upcoming series this week: 2 games at NY Mets / 2 games at Houston / 3 games vs Twins
"life is too short, gotta live it long"-Chris Rene, love it!!
Started revising the chapter. Your suggestions are helping this argument along so well. I can't thank you enough!
I know that. But others don't.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
"I look all summery and like a volleyball player" made my day !
Yea..I curse like a fucking sailor. But I'm working on it lol
Dream interpretation: It's about sex. That'll be $125.
send the pizza in the mail. :)
I guess so. Sure hope its soon enough
Up early thiis morning nd now its back to the studio. Got a couple traxxs to listen too nd possibly layiin dwn a track. W.O.R.D.
Another Great Workout This A.M. Just Smashed This Breakfast. Now Headed n to the office for a Productive Work Day
#ICantStandPeople who think they know it all or start a conversation but don't keep it going
Why do the last words of tweet line 1s repeat at start of line 2s?
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I am so glad you like it as much as I do!
I love getting drunk on occasions. Are u out or in home?
talking about moving beyond "the idea of giving your reputation to a social network and letting them monetize it"
Melo is a scorer nobody can stop him at all! He is usually threading scorer not this year though
following u
<ab> I want a large cherry berry chiller .<bb>
screw everyone and come to Baylor
So happy to finally be home. I missed my family so much.
you've been fed a complete diet of propaganda your whole life...now how will you vote?...the only way you have learned thru inculcation?...
I likee both of them ;o
TWEET this: #AmpTopTrend with the name of the song or artist you want to hear on . Every hour you choose a new song!
i can't even begin to tell you the feeling i get..when hearing my beats play..better than any drug. -McM
is on Tuesday and watching A Man Apart...one of my favorites!
Beyond frustrated... Shit!
no way you looked like a boy BUT- I feel you sister! Judy cuts my hair and she's a bad ass. She will make you look great.
hey. why'd you decide to join twitter? hopefully i can be your first reply.
Assert your right to make a few mistakes. If people can<92>t accept your imperfections, that<92>s their fault.
I wuvvvv you
I knew something was going to go wrong
I will happily provide cookies in exchange for answers. Very sad to hear about #Awake you are an exceptional writer.
hahah! It's a heart!
Hahaha! I'm sure he'd indulge you :). For some reason I'd love to also hear Tim Burton's opinion about Inception... :P
She said put a candle on my back baby blow it. I'll blow dat back out aaiight
Romney shouldn't feel too bad about getting whipped today. He did end up winning American Samoa, so he's got that going for him.
These are the days of miracles and wonders. Believe and it shall be
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
I used to give a damn, but I'll never give a fuck
10 Tablas Creek Vermentino. Delightfully true to type. Sweet tart balanced. Crisp, bit spritzy, green apple, pear, citrus 89 pts
"I'll just have the salad"
i dnt have fb sry. but if i did i would ill RT
USDA Completely Deregulates Genetically Engineered Alfalfa-WTF!!!!
Live music tonight in for a drink or two. Don't forget free parking!
Vacay can't come soon enough.....ugh
Whats up twitter world?!?!?!?!
Home from S+J. Gotta get some rest for the 3am Black Friday shopping trip with the man I love . . . Mastercard. I mean, Matt. LOL. *z*
#EllenRTme day 159 & 160 It's been such a great weekend & I have no iPhone so this is a 2-for-1!
CONGRATS! Plan on directing or being a DP?
...and I just drooled coffee all over myself...HAPPY FRIDAY!
how many ppl in it ?
The retina is the film of the eye. It converts light rays into electrical signals and sends them to the brain through the optic nerve.
Sharon Osbourne has morphed into a Cabbage Patch Doll.
im really really really obnoxious.
Should do a video to that classic shit I'M KILLIN EM
Awwh Love how much you care for us(: it means alot knowing you love us and try to stay in touch with us!!(: we love so much!(:
Ha! Which article? And shouldn't the missing period FAILED to stop you in your tracks? Or maybe, omg,the New Yorker is pregnant!
no, it's a marker!
It's Mom's day so I probably won't be around much today. Kiss your mommy for me! xoxoxo
Awww you thought Brown was going to say something
I keep taking my temperature on the royal wedding and realizing that I don't care.
Jam lead the D-Fenders 29-19 after one period of play
u got a service pack?
hey as long as you get to celebrate.
Im sending my love out to everyone with intensity purpose & passion! ((hugs))
Killed my first NYC #cockroach last night w/ - sign me up for the worlds strongest man competition!
hey man. Thought about you last week - watched the 'my star' video. Thanks so much again for that!
#LazySundayafterafun saturday night. LOVING/LIVING THE MIAMI LIFE in SHALLAH.
Storm headed toward La Plata? Uh oh.
Don't worry about it. Won't change in the course of a day
can I breath?
#FF to for a fantastic #OpenAccess #OA meeting of the minds this week.
Hello hello! How are ya today? I'm feeling pretty great myself. I had #SUBWAY for breakfast.
ActorFest 2010!! Visist us @ the Academy booth to enter to Win a free adimssion to a Casting Director Workshop comlpiments of the Academy!
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
the mc rib, all 4 all time favorite whataburger sandwiches? is this real life?
Yeah :D
YES girl -_____- pathetic
Dear out of state super PAC supporting #WalkerFailure: WI is dead last in jobs. That's not considered progress 'round these parts.
That Dr J. And Larry Bird fight is a funny ass fight!! Lol
cutting Clifton today frees up a big chunk of change to the tune of $5.7 mil. That should make a difference
Midway through an extraordinary performance by In Mulieribus at St Stephens -- like listening to angels sing.
And what will you do with your extra day? As an entrepreneur I'm guessing you're still working today?
Follow the crew members
what a promising name
okay good. lol have fun! xx
i just wet my pants again. oh my
Holy fucking traffic.
So I guess Wiltjer is staying
HAHAHA guy fieri is driving the pace car. seriously. wow.
Its raining I want hot chocolate :)
Back in the NINES office, catching up on everything...
under age drinking is just as "bad" as smoking weed; still definitely illegal.
Internet Cultural Network: PBS: Jazz - Risk directed by Ken Burns
yeah maybe I got so mad and then the thing I said about Astonia (spelt that wrong)
sounds like a mad and crazy scientist to me. Hope the nurse is okay.
We need YOU to become a part of something big- a rally for Clean Water. Wed, March 28th, 9<96>11am RSVP: .
Lost last night was ok. Highlight was def. Sawyer putting Jack in his place. Love him! Anyways, just 24 hrs til I'm in Houston! Beer Bike!!!
please don't ever shut up. You are full of WIT.
It's good to be in New York when the Knicks finally have a good team.
So, how is the ride going so far?
not as much as I need YOU in my life! Love u munchkin :]
why would you have to beat me up? & what did do?
No One Saves Us But Ourselves. No One Can & No One May. We Ourselves Must Walk The Path.
yeah.. So far i know 's staff , MLM, maybe and co are coming.
Cool--good luck!
Life is GREAT!
A5: There's room in every trip for a bit of adventure.
this one is in the books. GO BUCKS! BEAT CUSE!
RT : RT : #musesocial What does it mean to curate a SM experience? is it possible? any benefits?
How can Liberals/Progressives/DemoRates tell Lies so easy, no problem, they don't believe in God
#medlibs Please know the online planner sends emails to the email you used to register for
How was that not too many men?!
I'm not speechless often, but I have no words right now. :P
Awww Verizon is making me sick.
I know right? We have used his phrase against him. XD
If you live in Anderson, IN check out this week, for your chance to win tickets to on February 16th.
Sing a song of living before everybody dies.
Go to Mad Planet tonight. You'll thank me if you do!
Congratulations Cheryl - great leadership insight "I have to know you to grow you". Thank you!
#FreeDan RT : that's wild blocked me. wow.
My goodness! You're always busy. You don't believe in failing so I know you'll be fine.
follow me on tumblr bro
Stoked2 present my program "Spanish in the inner city" to LUL inorder2teach Spanish 2black adults after-work.Introducing AfroLatinos to KY!
Thanks to Dr. Billingsley, Dr. Willihnganz, & Dr. Rhodes. A special thank you to our conference planning team!
ugh okay?
RT : I'm happy to announce #BWENY will be held from June 5th through 7th, which falls during Internet week.
Just realized my childhood friend/neighbor is dating
Varsity game, avoiding him. :/
Early news on Mariano's injury sounds REALLY bad... He'll go for an MRI but it's sounding like his season, and most likely career, is over..
Where to begin! I've been lucky, privileged really, to be schooled by so many wonderful teachers.
You are very welcome!! Thank you as well!
Don't miss & Friday night at ChickieWhaWha on Canal Street from 8-10p. Song from their CD "Bridging the Gap"!
Finding Nemo is one of the best movies ever created.
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
New York City was shweeeet
2 for Tuesday tonight @ Opal Bar!!! Pretty simple- Buy ANY drink, get 2 instead. Extra bonus- NY Knicks on all of the flatscreens
great quote: "we have this challenge of intent where the outcome in user experience terms is not matching the tools"
I never thought sleeping in would mean waking up at 9:30
": If you love and respect her, don't cheat on her. Real simple."
you program drums to homie???
Love is like the wind, you can not see it, but you can feel .. :)
Congrats and best of luck on your new restaurant!
I was gonna watch The River tonight. It's perty skerrryy. Wanna join me?
Some girls don't realize what they're worth. Some guys don't realize what they have. Then she leaves after realizing. Then he realizes.
Hey Boston-busy tonight? If not, come check out the lineup@ TT's (central sq) featuring my clients What Time is it Mr. Fox?!
Nice! do any of them have wifi? I know it's kinda un-zen, but would allow me to stay longer n work..
am I wrong, or in the middle of a financial crisis, our new Pres, who campaigned on change is spending more $$ then any of his predecessors
. You are definitely on a humor roll today. Thanks for the laughs. I adore a good pun and #sickjoke is brilliant!
Time flies when immersed in building a database. Wheeeee !!!
speech-language pathologist by education limited PR/marketing knowledge. Any must read book recommendations?
knew that oddly
RT : Life without music: flat <b7>
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
At the #EmbassyofBrazil Party time!
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
Yes! So! WTF? I thought I was the only one.
hey i was only referencing the fact that I completely humiliated you..and im the baby of the group
Back in LA after long drive from Vancouver...Check out the Dancing Ninja on IMDB, WE HAD FUN SHOOTING IT
not yet, im coming back tomorrow night :)) my brother is coming home in an hour so i'm baking him a cake :))
Marketing a product similar to others? Research their successful strategies but don<92>t copy! Once you know what works test new strategies.
I'm BEGGING you all to read my status and re-post it. We are running out of time! Especially if you're in California, please help!!!!
The officiating in this NCAA tournament has been TERRIBLE...so many calls that are blatantly wrong
Nice!! RT : starting at your fav place and I know he wants a bloody or 4 but the night
some of the sickest visions at my disposal... spell it out... I FUCK'N TOLD U...
I hate missing school
hey i love you ! you should cme to nyccc <3
xs tonight for avicii lets go NHL in town haha well the non playoff teams
RT: ladies, showin a great amount of skin when u dress up isnt the way to find Prince Charming.He likes his gifts wrapped
Imo: toxins in the body inhibit the ability to feel and express love. I sense so much more love, in me and in my environment, after a detox
i am eating an egg sandwich while looking at the menu of the restaurant i'll be eating at tonight
soo.. another day canceled. I quit trying to make plans. :|
Preparing another large mural for remounting today. Pictures to follow soon.
Harvey's intro is total doom & gloom so far. I suspect he will acknowledge some? positive expressions of urban social movements
I bet if you were here in Miami / Lauderdale u would like a bad chick would. In my Rkelly tone ....lmfao send me something nice.
Are you aware of any news organizations that will be livestreaming the Celebration of Life for Jr. Seau on May 11?
true, true. I need good treatment then! The hell
So much for trying to sleep early.
When asked me if my sister was buff like me, I was like Lmao!!! no we just look alike I guess lol
Talking to him>>>>
St Luke's church at 100 W 86th street taking donations for #INtornado victims today at 9 am
Organizing is much more than cleaning. One is putting things where they belong, the other is knowing why they belong there.
Yes , so glad I made it!
thanks for forgetting me
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
lol was dying reading that. You know me brotha, ain't a thang to worry about. Born ready #problemchildontheloose /Cc
Mr.Gay! We could be so happy together!
i missed first 25 minutes of show. i wonder if news will infiorm #Vegas about similar difficulties tomorrow?
Anyone else going to tonight at #viejasarena? See you there!
Tina Moore and the Just Us Trio tonight at 9:30. All ages, no cover - nothing but great music!
Tweefer beef going on PLUR is what we live by Peace Love Unity and Respect.
I love my neighborhood.
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
U ever get tired of hearing the radio... then start listening to the cds u have, & realize.. u got your cd on repeat just like the radio?
this weather is horrible
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Obama rocks!
when and where is your next show?
yes, that is a reference to section 5K1.1 of the federal sentencing guildelines, allows downward departure from typcl jail term
ha! That's hilarious.
come back here! I wanna babysit baby Mariam!
Idc I can't sleep so someone bout to be up wit me dammit *pouts*
Not since the Atari 2600 made it's way into my house in...awhile ago, have I wasted so much time. Angry Birds is the crack of the app world
im willing to pay:)
I could use a couple of cups of coffee.
Holland. First stop coffeeshop.
Ima Go Sleep (:
any sub category suggestions? #sex being the topic?
I've been voting all week<3 And guess who is in front of Joe Jonas?! You are<33 Well deserved.
So Tweetcaster seems to be working for me. At least it isn't crashing...
Seriously though, Lightning Bolt was a Philip Glass tribute band, right?
#nms30 something fun for every little American History learner! www.historyglobe.com/jamestown/
Nice to be tweeting with you, tell us more about Castleton Christian!
oh yeah we don't want that :/ lol
Lol! I knew something was up!
RT :David Ferriero wants all of the enormous National Archives digitally available. If it's not digital it doesn't exist.
thanks for following. What caught ur interest in my profile? Your music site sounds promising.
have u entered the twitterverse??
A man. A bit older than your Eoin, I guess. But not decripit.
One aims to achieve complete self-forgetfulness, while at the same time developing complete <93>mindfulness<94> of the character....
I just ate
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
Streeter on drop in draft: <93>I<92>m extremely hungry. I kind of felt like a lot of people didn<92>t believe in me even though I believe in myself."
Because ACUs are ruddy expensive, and we're already spending $225,000 next week..
I'm proud of myself :)
If love isnt a sport, then why are there so many players.? <\3
having an allergic reaction to one's own perfume is not fun.
don't matter. Were gonna party just as hard!
I have a winter coat and flip flops on
Love, love will keep us together....*breaks record* FUCKING LIES! IF IT WAS TRUE MARIO WOULD BEG ME TO RETURN!
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I absolutely love that song!
Jam lose 109-90 and have been eliminated from the playoffs
haha!!been up since 4:30 with the birds chirping outside. Lol!!!
Weird that my laptop speakers can play all kinds of things at once. In the 70's our cool stereo system played only one thing at a time.
About to shower...roll up..then go to sleep. One
<93>Success to me is having ten honeydew melons and eating only the top half of each slice.<93>~Barbra Streisand
You should be able to restore all the photos from a backup in iTunes
My favorite part of that meeting, is Pres. Bush's fantastic purple socks
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Much love. Dr. Spanish
Thomas Alva Edison~ Just because something doesnt do what you planned it to do doesnt mean its useless.
Surpassed our #grizzgala fundraising auction goal! Building the OUAA scholarship endowment, thx to sponsors & the great auction donations!
This is how dedicated to Joss Whedon I am: Cabin in the Woods will be my first in-theater scary movie since Blair Witch. Seriously.
ITS A GIRL YAYY!!!
ready for georgetown
Santorum pulled out leaving his mark on the back end of the republican side of the race
Friday the 13th = quality movies on the tube!
BFAR 10 to hold investment forum on mariculture park project in MisOcc - Philippine Information Agency
Juiced lemons. Simmered w simple syrup n rosemary. Freezing it and flaking w a fork every hour. Adding to champagne bar on Easter.
Haha, thanks for the RT, I am obviously very excited about these data-related developments :)
There are different standards for different sports. Glad to see Tiger apologize though
Some of our friends R pathological liars & snakes we could smell venom on their breath and their words are phonier then cubic zirconias
Eternal God, help me accept each day, each moment, as a gift from you, not to be wasted. May this season bring us closer to you and to...
Funny presentation for Colin Firth since he probably hates Margaret Thatcher just like every other Brit.
Stupid bitches <<<<
Make your bucket list now it's the end of the world as we know it. Only 11 months and 21 days. happy new year!
You're just begging me to unfollow you when you tweet your horoscope.
It's Sunday already? :(
FAC can't advise if FAC isn't informed.
The Italian writer Antonio Tabucchi dies in Lisbon.
sorry ignore the random hash tag lol but still congrats that's great !
six million dollar man
I'm so sleepy and I gotta get this school thing going... :/
LETS GO #KINGS GO KINGS GO
And to those making my world a better place. Happy #FF @ @ @
I am so excited about this new change. New discounts and savings for you! Our new website will be: www.austinhormonedoctor.com
webinar overload day, 's #ContentDisco is up next
For the record, I came in the top 20%. There is still a tiny chance I'll win if they don't find someone in the top 100.
wow. That exam was bs.
I know! How was your trip? Miss you. Would love to catch-up for real one of these days...
I hate biology.
Just bought $NNVC on patent approval news
enthusiastic teachers were the bane of my childhood existence...
I know, right? I really liked Rachel's English accent... :-)
It's rainy out here on the East Coast, thank God for wigs!! Lol
for my birthday I would like you to answer all my phone calls with the Rachael Bowen hey for 365 days.
Fuck this sun!
It is true! You do good things. Always have. Now you get to do even more! THAT is wonderful and appropriate and deserved.
I hate it when I don't feel like talking and people just keep on talking to me -.-
I mean, Second Mile is funding Sandusky's defense, refusing to turn over internal records on clients and victims. Why is this not a story?
Hahahahahaha so close I did this one.... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Try the eggplant fries too.
#IThankGod for my family and friends:)
i seriously want it to be Saturday already
Just added some interesting articles at www.bowlingdo.com... also have new retail site at www.shopbowling.com
Time to get down to #business...JenoLo Clothing coming in 12 days
Congrats to : WCHA reg season champs! One more win or Minn loss gives UW outright title. #Badgers home next wknd to host OSU
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
Proud Momma Alert: My 6th grade son won the school-wide (K-8) science fair! Goes to school district regionals this Friday!
that pic was actually from Denver
I can't sweat it cause I know I'm going to work this out
Fuck these dumb ass trays
that's great! I know u r.
okay <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> we found a lot on the beach
QA - Algorythmic vs aesthetic dataviz: equally subjective? Both predicated on statistics, q of objects vs patterns
A girl came in and handed me an application....
nah don't say that...you gotta come to Vegas first lol jk.....it'll prolly be Bobby Brown tho lmao lemme stop
Interdependency follows independence. -Stephen Covey
Would have to know investment, objectives, metrics, etc.
Sure-- but then what's the point of the various "time windows" for elites? If you have "A" available why not confirm me?
"Excellence is a guilty pleasure, bringing confidence and peace of mind"
I think there was a bit of mystification about the material facts of making, which is (I agree) odd considering what CP is.
Hahahahhahahahahahahahahhaha RT : Can you still experiment in your thirty's?
Look forward,not back.Focus on the future not the past<U+2764>
Going to be on during the 6oclock hour! Listen in!
I swear I have no black clothes... Ugh
Soccer on ice? That's probably the only way you'd get me to watch it! I'm a 100% hockey fan :-)
Have MITT ROMNEY ever had a PLAN OF ACTION or A SOLUTION. I can see myself being rolled into surgery and being told, "YOU ARE OWN YOUR OWN."
I have many mornings like that Some days more dead than others some more confused, some more stupid, some just lost altogether
Coverage of the Orlando Predators vs. Pittsburgh Power begins in just three hours on Check it
Black Friday!
Effin birds did a number on my car this morning... Bout to wash that ish<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yup, I feel ZERO responsibility for YOUR trauma. I finally get to point & laugh.
if u have 13 ice cubes and i have 38, how many pancakes will fit on my roof? The answer is purple because aliens don't where hats.
I'm bored at home.
Undersea cable bill gets 1 last chance in Senate
Whoa one direction is having a arena tour in 2013 yay lol
#whatwillgagawear what ever is laying on the side of the road
i make money money make money money ayy
Wolf Gang is neither a Wolf nor a Gang. Discuss.
yeah and ain't missed nothing smh
or can u help me get more followers? It would ne awesome :)
are they beefing over sports? i am late.
Malaysia mosque a source of hope for heroin addicts - Chicago Tribune
yes, we're finising it up now. Not as cumbersome as it was made out to be.
It was indeed!
Any of your friends need some new music?Tell them to check us out on Spotify. It's free and awesome!
dude i'm freakiing out! idk how to do it onmy own! :'(
You waist time trying to be someone else, it takes no time to be YOUR self....
why? You want to still be friend?
Huge congratulations to new law graduates, and remember to thank your mother!
in Ghostwriter app when you move away the iPen from screen you can turn page, zoom in and out. I meant the iOS iPad multi-touch.
Simple little kind of free
If you let words hurt you, you a lil (b word). Use those words to make you stronger.
Ready to go -____-
Follow my new flick written by !
no it's okay! Don't feel bad!
i'm not gonna be here much longer... :(
I had to Hang up on Charles...that nigga be Snoring too Loud lulz
What up Woo
I am today...not tomorrow though.
WOW Grany g is hillarious in
ive been with the family
he better watch out I might eat his too.
look forward to your #SocialMedia tweets!
wow, what a smile! And I can't forget the hottie!!!! :-)
why the :(
oh I know... But I don't mean like that. She works at a television station here. She's adorable and it's a boy!
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
make it crack then nigga!! (at least tweet sum pg dead dan a mf lol)
Told to stray away from what I am, said the world would never take it. Design a mold for me to fit and watch me break it.
Cyberdating in China: Woman w/ duck's egg face seeks handsome devil, not from Wuhan, no Virgos. Illuminating piece on "#romance by
Does anyone else remember when the best place to watch movie trailers was apple.com?
You know me all to well.
please follow Artie so happy to see you again xo
total "duh"
Looks like Astros want to be like Larussa & cards!